# Chapter 4: Training and Pursuit

The day after I challenged the top club in Magical Piece Club, the academy was
closed, for better or worse.

I feel bad for Caron and the others, who were looking forward to it, but today,
I don’t plan on doing anything more than self-training. I understand that time
is running out, but with only about a month and a half left, taking a day off
won’t make much of a difference. Maybe it would be different for a top club
that's constantly honing their skills, but that’s not us.

So, after telling Caron and the others they could do as they pleased, I left the
capital with Shion in tow.

Let me clarify—this isn’t a date. It’s business.

You remember the merchant we arrested earlier this week for illegal drug
trafficking, right? The one the dark unit of Foranada apprehended. We handed him
over to the capital’s security forces, as it's technically their jurisdiction.

However, things changed after Princess Ariarnorth, pointed out something
suspicious. When someone as shrewd as her says something smells fishy, you can’t
just brush it off.

So, I got permission from Wiemlay to interrogate that merchant—Gesh—ourselves.

But we never got the chance. Not because the permission was denied, but because
Gesh took his own life, exploiting a guard's negligence. Dead men tell no tales.

We did inspect the body, but nothing noteworthy came from it.

As a result, we had to allocate more resources to investigate Gesh’s background
from scratch. And since he didn’t have any companions when he entered the
capital, gathering information took even longer.

Still, thanks to my skilled subordinates, we managed to track down his identity
in just five days. I should consider giving them a special reward.

Now, back to the matter at hand. Shion and I had left the capital to visit the
town where Gesh had been living.

The shortage of manpower, the fact that I was free, and my own interest in this
case all aligned, which is why I decided to investigate personally.

It was a small town on the edge of a count’s domain in the southern part of the
Holy Kingdom. It wasn’t exactly rural, but it had a peaceful, laid-back
atmosphere.

"Shall we start by finding Gesh’s house?"

"Understood."

I called out to Shion as we began our search. All we knew about Gesh was that he
had used this town as his base of operations.

By the way, since this is a mission for the dark unit, we’re both in disguise.
We've altered our appearance to something so unremarkable that no one in town
will give us a second glance. If anyone gets suspicious, we can just change our
look again.

After some inquiries, we arrived at a rundown inn. It didn’t look like a place
where a merchant would live. It was more suited to down-and-out adventurers
living day-to-day.

"So, even his claim of being a merchant was a lie."

"The business license he had was likely forged," Shion responded to my
exasperated comment.

During our investigation, we discovered that Gesh was a bottom-rung adventurer,
barely scraping by on low-paying jobs like gathering herbs. He was the epitome
of a failure, completely opposite to the image of a merchant.

Yet, this man possessed a forgery of a business license issued by a lord, which
isn’t easy to counterfeit, and wore clothes that didn’t raise any suspicion
about his background. The whole situation reeked of something unnatural.

As much as I hate to admit it, I have to agree with Arianorth's assessment. This
case stinks. We should dig deeper.

"Let’s go."

"Yes."

It was easy to sneak into the poorly secured inn. We quickly checked the
guestbook and made our way to the room where Gesh had stayed, without drawing
attention.

Maybe because it had only been five days, or maybe because the inn staff were
just lazy, but Gesh’s belongings hadn’t been cleared out. There weren’t many,
but his personal items were still scattered around.

Shion and I split up to search the room.

Hopefully, we’ll find something that leads us to what’s really going on here…

All I found were torn clothes and trash. It seemed true that he had been living
in poverty. The more I investigated, the clearer it became that Gesh wasn’t
someone who could have posed as a merchant.

Still, I hadn’t found any useful clues. My efforts were fruitless.

On the other hand, Shion—

“Zex-sama, please look at this,” she said, showing me something small and round
that fit in the palm of her hand.

“A paper medal?”

It was the kind of medal a young child might make as a craft. It appeared to be
made from the pages of an old, discarded book, as some of the original text was
faintly visible. The item was clearly quite old, with parts of it torn.

There was nothing remarkable about it, except for how out of place it was. Why
would such a thing be here, in a room rented by a struggling adventurer, rather
than in a house with children or at an orphanage?

“There’s writing on the back,” Shion said, flipping the medal over.

On the back, in clumsy handwriting, were the words, "Fairyliy Orphanage - Gesh."

So, Gesh had apparently grown up in an orphanage, and this was something he had
made back then and kept all this time.

The medal itself didn’t seem significant, but it could serve as a good lead in
tracking Gesh’s past.

“Was there an orphanage in this town?”

“No, it’s too small for that.”

“So that means we’ll have to search elsewhere.”

I sighed.

While it’s true that my subordinates would be doing most of the work, I didn’t
want to burden them too much. But given the circumstances, we had no choice.

I extended my hand toward Shion.

She tilted her head in confusion.

“Zex-sama, why your hand?”

“I’ll hold onto the medal. If you keep it, you might accidentally tear it.”

Shion has a habit of being clumsy at the worst times. I wasn’t comfortable
leaving such an important clue in her hands.

Her cheeks puffed out in protest.

“Even I wouldn’t damage a piece of evidence… probably.”

But as she spoke, her confidence seemed to waver, and her last words were less
than reassuring.

Well, at least she’s aware of it. Now, hand it over.

I kept my hand outstretched with a smile, and after some reluctance, she handed
over the medal.

At that exact moment—

“Ah!”

“Oh, come on.”

As if on cue, Shion tripped over some of Gesh’s scattered belongings on the
floor.

I managed to catch her just before she could fall, preventing her from hitting
the ground. Thankfully, it only resulted in a bit of noise.

I let out a sigh of relief.

“I told you so. Stop giving me heart attacks.”

“I-I’m terribly sorry…” Shion’s face turned bright red. It wasn’t just because I
pointed out her clumsiness, but because she was currently cradled in my arms,
pressed up against my chest. Given her lack of experience with physical contact
between men and women, it was only natural for her to be embarrassed.

I couldn't help but think she should be used to this by now, considering her
age. But, then again, that innocent quality is part of what makes her who she
is, so it’s a bit of a tricky situation.

Well, she’ll get over it eventually. If she keeps blushing over something like
this, she won’t be able to handle all the _other_ things that the future holds.

After giving her pale, bluish-purple hair a quick pat, I gently let her go. Even
though she looked a little disappointed, we were on the job, so no lingering
allowed.

“Let’s head out.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah. I don’t think we’ll find anything else here.”

Rather than combing through this room for any small details, it seemed more
productive to visit Gesh’s old home, the Fairyliy Orphanage. After all, we’d
spent quite some time searching, and all we found was a bunch of junk. It made
more sense to pause the investigation for now and focus on locating the
orphanage first.

With Shion—her cheeks still slightly flushed—I made my way back to the royal
capital.

<br/>

<br/>

Two days later, after the start of a new week and the conclusion of classes, we
gathered in our familiar shabby clubroom. However, we weren’t at full
strength—Minerva and Orca were absent.

The reason was that Minerva had expressed her desire to focus on personal
training since she wouldn’t be participating in the match against the top club.
Orca had accompanied her.

Recently, Minerva had been grappling with her magic, experimenting and refining
her abilities. She seemed to have her own reasons for this, so I decided to let
her pursue it freely.

At this time, there shouldn’t be any dangerous scenarios looming over those two,
and they had the capability to handle most difficulties. Additionally, they had
a bodyguard accompanying them. I could confidently say they would have enough
time for me to arrive if something went wrong.

With that in mind, we decided to focus on what we needed to do without worrying
about Minerva and Orca.

“We’re all here, but what are we going to do?”

Even though I had called the meeting, I hadn’t specified what we’d be
discussing. Laurel, the club president, asked this while gauging the situation.

I was about to answer when I decided to pose a question first.

“Before that, have you decided which role card to choose, President Laurel?”

Before we could proceed with our club activities, we needed to decide on the
players’ role cards. We couldn’t keep postponing it indefinitely.

Laurel flinched slightly, but a few seconds later, she waved both hands
dismissively and said, “Just kidding! I’ve made my decision. I’m going with
purple.”

“Why’s that?”

“By process of elimination. I’m not particularly good at physical activities,
you know. So, being the mobile blue isn’t really suited for me. Also, I thought
it’d be easier to defend if Marina and I were close together.”

“I see.”

It seemed she had put more thought into it than I initially expected.

As she pointed out, the range of the "Blue Mage" isn’t very long, so it requires
moving around to adapt to the match’s developments. That wouldn’t suit someone
like Laurel, who was practically a beginner.

The "Purple Mage" does require some adaptability, but it’s likely to be less
demanding than the blue role.

“Okay. So, Laurel is going purple, and Nina is going blue.”

“Understood.”

“Got it.”

With both of them nodding in agreement, I brought my hands together.

“That settles all the role cards. Now, let me explain today’s activities. It’s
not a complicated topic. We’re going to focus on improving our individual
abilities.”

As everyone nodded at my statement, Laurel raised her hand, tilting her head in
confusion.

“What’s up?”

“Uh, where are we going to train? It’s sad to say, but a weak club like ours
won’t be able to borrow any facilities.”

The options for training within the school were limited. Places like the
training grounds were used by martial clubs other than ours, making it difficult
to find any available slots. Moreover, as a club with no track record, we’d
likely be turned away if we tried to make a reservation.

We could leverage our status as nobles, but there was a much better alternative.

I grinned, showing my teeth.

“We’ll use my training ground.”

“Huh?”The moment Laurel let out a dazed sound, we instantly transported to the
training ground located underground at the Foranada manor.

This was an application of [Phase Connect]. I opened a [Phase Connect] beneath
everyone’s feet and then moved it upward. Just like that, without taking a
single step, we could teleport.

However, manipulating the [Phase Connect] requires a great deal of precision so
it’s not very practical for combat. It's mostly used for flashy displays or mass
transport, like in this case.

Thanks to the dramatic effect, both Laurel and Yurika, who were experiencing
teleportation for the first time, reacted well. They stared wide-eyed, almost as
if their eyeballs were about to pop out, and their mouths were agape to the
point that it seemed like their jaws might dislocate.

Since their expressions weren’t very ladylike, I decided to look away.

While Laurel and the others were frozen in astonishment, Caron and Nina asked,
“You mentioned individual enhancement, but what exactly are we going to do?”

“The time limit is a maximum of a month and a half. There’s only so much we can
train.”

I could see hints of fear on their faces.

Well, I understood their feelings. With so little time left to enhance
themselves individually, it was natural for them to worry that we would undergo
some hellish training regimen.

As much as I wanted to lament their lack of trust, I couldn’t really argue
against it since I was aware of the reason behind it.

But this time, Caron’s worries would be unfounded.

“Don’t worry. I’ve taken that into account. It’s not like I’m trying to make
them as strong as you are. There are ways to approach this.”

The underlying premise was different. In Caron and Nina's case, we were training
to be able to face any threat head-on, while for Laurel and Yurika, it was
sufficient to prepare them to handle the Magical-Piece. It was only natural that
the level of training would differ if the target goals were different.

“For today, we’ll only focus on meditation.”

In magic, meditation is the most important form of training.

Laurel and Yurika needed to strengthen their foundations. I planned to focus on
that and then dedicate the rest of our time to training in teamwork.

I thought I was suggesting a relatively easy training regimen, but Caron and
Nina’s reactions were somewhat strange. The moment they heard my earlier words,
their eyes started darting around.

“H-how long do you intend for the meditation to last?” Caron asked.

“We’ll continue for as long as we have time. It’ll be the same as the training
you usually do.”

“S-same…?”

As I answered while wondering about her suspicious behavior, Nina was staring
blankly at the ceiling.

What was going on? Why were they so frightened by something as simple as
meditation?

In the end, I couldn’t decipher the true meaning behind their reactions, and we
proceeded to start our training.

The meditation training was not anything out of the ordinary. The women simply
sat in comfortable positions and focused on calming their minds.

However, without supervision, it was hard to tell if they were truly meditating.
Given that they were closing their eyes, there was a possibility they might just
fall asleep.

Therefore, it became customary for me to act as a supervisor during this
training until they became accustomed to it. After all, I could accurately
assess their mental states with my mental magic.

By the way, this "magic that monitors mental states" is different from the
emotion-reading magic I typically use. Unlike the latter, this magic only works
with the other person’s consent.

But I digress.

Thirty seconds into the meditation training, I observed the women sitting
quietly, each in their own relaxed posture.

I walked up behind Laurel and Yurika and suddenly said, “Here goes!”

““Ouchhhhh!!!???””

I struck their shoulders with a flat wooden stick.

With a painful smack, their cries of distress echoed in the air.

“What was that?!”

“It hurts so much!”

They turned to me with teary eyes, protesting.

I rested the wooden stick—known as a "keisaku"—on my shoulder as I replied.

“I told you earlier. If there’s any disruption in your meditation, I’ll hit you
with this stick.”

For those who understand, it’s similar to the practice in Zen meditation, where
one receives a hit to maintain focus. It’s a primitive method, but surprisingly
effective.

“I get that, but it hurts way more than it looks!”

“I felt pain all over…”

“Well, that’s because it’s designed to do just that.”

We introduced this method after Caron and the others had grown a bit, but a
regular wooden stick would simply break under the pressure. The surge of magic
power from meditation naturally activates a mild form of "Body Strengthening,"
increasing their physical defenses.

So, I switched to a method that uses mental magic to give a light stimulus to
the pain receptors instead of inflicting physical pain. It’s correct to say it
feels more painful than one might expect.

“If you don’t want to feel pain, don’t disrupt your mind. That’s the nature of
this training. Look at Caron and the others; they’re completely unfazed despite
all this commotion.”

Indeed, neither Caron nor Nina, nor even Marina, were disturbed. Though they had
only been doing this training for two months, their efforts were clearly paying
off.

Seeing Laurel still unconvinced, I added, “You want to become stronger to keep
the club going, right? You won’t get anywhere if you can’t handle this
training.”

“Guh… Fine! If it’s come to this, I’ll just have to tough it out!”

The survival of the club was a powerful motivator for Laurel. She scratched her
head in frustration and plopped down to resume her meditation.

“Y-Yurika will do her best too!”

Inspired by Laurel’s determination, Yurika quietly sat down as well.

I was a bit worried since she didn’t seem to have the same strong motivation,
but at this rate, she should be fine.

Considering the current states of Laurel and Yurika, I planned for them to focus
solely on meditation for the next two weeks, with the remaining time spent on
confirming their teamwork.

Ideally, I’d want to take more time for training, but we needed to produce
results soon. Therefore, even if it meant being a makeshift solution, I had to
ensure they were in a condition to move.

The training would need to be tough enough to avoid overwhelming the two with
lesser abilities while still being adequate to allow them to keep up in actual
combat. It was a high hurdle to clear, but I was excited about the challenge.
I’d adjust things as necessary while keeping an eye on their progress.

As a side note, today’s meditation resulted in Laurel and Yurika receiving a
keisaku hit every minute. Ultimately, it goes without saying that both ended up
thoroughly exhausted.

<br/>

<br/>

"Why are you working hard for the club?"

Three days had passed since the training at the club began. During a class that
turned into self-study, I took the opportunity to ask Yurika this question.

I had heard that she joined the club due to Laurel’s strong persuasion. Given
Yurika’s timid nature, it wasn’t hard to imagine the scenario.

However, it was strange that she was able to continue with such a tough training
regimen. From what I gathered about her joining process, she shouldn’t have had
the enthusiasm to endure such rigorous training.

Not only that, but she also shared in the ups and downs alongside Laurel, and
she even pulled out the trump card of her connection to the nobles. She was
genuinely committed to the club's survival.

I wanted to know what was driving Yurika. It was just a matter of curiosity on
my part.

"You don’t have to force yourself to say anything. I was just a bit curious."

"H-Huh?"

When I added that clarification, she responded with a slightly vacant reply.

It was a reasonable reaction. It was rare for a noble head to show interest in
the feelings of a commoner. After all, nobles could easily command commoners to
do their bidding without caring about their feelings.

To others, I was undoubtedly seen as an eccentric. This perspective was likely a
remnant of my past life, and I didn’t feel the need to change.

"...It's not a significant reason or anything."

Despite her skepticism, she seemed willing to answer. After setting a
precautionary tone, Yurika began to speak earnestly.

"At first, I joined reluctantly. The club president, Laurel, wouldn’t leave me
alone and even went so far as to kneel in front of a large crowd, so I had no
choice but to join."

"She really does kneel anywhere, doesn’t she?"

I couldn’t help but picture Yurika flustered by the sudden act of kneeling.

She let out a wry smile.

"Ahaha. She often boasts, 'If it means lowering my head, I’ll do it as many
times as it takes!'"

What a reckless individual, going to such lengths only makes things worse.

Dealing with a prideful noble can be troublesome, but someone with the opposite
personality can be just as annoying. They use their lack of concern for others
to push and manipulate in all sorts of ways.

In that regard, I was somewhat the same; however, given my noble status, I
couldn’t afford to resort to desperate measures. It seemed that dealing with
someone like Laurel was still a hassle.

That said, there was no point in worrying about it. For now, there was no reason
for Laurel to target me.

"So, what changed your mind from being reluctant to actively cooperating?"

"I guess it was the president's passion that moved me."

As Yurika spoke, it seemed she was organizing her thoughts, her gaze briefly
drifting to the ceiling.

"The president is a troubled person in many ways, but her passion for Magical
Piece is genuine. She’s seriously committed to the game, even though she can
only belong to a weak club and can’t play games at all. She pours her heart into
it, aiming for some distant hope. That’s inspiring and, honestly, a bit
envious..."

"Her dedication to Magical Piece is indeed genuine."

Normally, no one would remain in a club that couldn’t play any games for three
years. No one would kneel during a crisis of potential dissolution. It would be
typical to just give up and move on, treating it as a mere club activity.

Even during the tough training, Laurel kept at it, albeit with some complaints.
I had heard she was even practicing on her own.

Laurel was truly passionate about Magical Piece. Due to her own lack of skill,
she couldn’t join any clubs other than the weak one, so she was desperate to
maintain her only connection to Magical Piece.

She narrowed her eyes and continued.

"I have never had that level of passion. Most of the time, it’s more like I did
it because the adults around me expected her to. That’s why I wanted to support
the president, who has something I don't. That’s the reason I am working hard
for the club."

"I see."

As she spoke, Yurika seemed lost in thought. She must have her own burdens to
bear. I was curious but wouldn’t pry; our relationship wasn't deep enough for
that.

"Thank you for sharing."

After expressing my gratitude, I moved away from her.

I understood Yurika's feelings toward the club. Given her demeanor, I didn’t
have to worry about her giving up halfway.

"Yurika is a good person."

"Ah, yes, she is."

As I let out a sigh of relief, Nina unexpectedly spoke up.

I had known she was nearby, trying to remain undetected, but being suddenly
addressed startled me; I wished she would refrain from doing that.

"Honestly, if you’re going to eavesdrop, you might as well just stand next to
us," I said.

"I’m a good fiancée who knows how to read the room."

"Fiancée... what did you just say?"

"Fiancée."

"What does that mean?"

Isn’t that one word too many?

In response to my question, Nina succinctly explained.

"If a person who has promised to marry is a fiancée, then I’m a fiancée who has
made a reservation for the marriage promise."

"I see..."

I wasn’t sure whether to fully understand her logic or not, but if she was
satisfied with it, there was no need for me to press further.

Afterward, Caron and the others joined us once their tasks were finished, and
the peaceful time continued to flow by.

○●○●○●○●

After school. As usual, we were conducting meditation training, but today we
finished a little earlier than usual.

As we released our seated postures and stood up, Laurel looked at me with a
puzzled expression.

"Isn't today ending a bit early?"

"I'm planning to do a different training with the remaining time."

"D-Different training?"

When I responded, her face tightened. I noticed the same expression on the
others as well.

Weren't they being a bit too scared?

Despite feeling somewhat displeased, I swallowed it down and continued.

"I'm going to do some simple coordination practice. Ideally, I’d like to spend
more time on basic training, but we only have about a month and a half left. We
need to pack the schedule."

If we didn’t conduct both the basic training and coordination checks in
parallel, I suspected we wouldn’t be ready by the match day. I needed to
streamline our plans somewhat.

Just then, Caron, who had quietly approached, asked, "If you're checking
coordination, does that mean you already have a plan for the match?"

"Yeah, although it’s quite simple."

More than half of the group was inexperienced, so executing a complex strategy
was out of the question. I intended to set a straightforward plan and let the
more experienced Caron and Nina control the execution.

Once everyone was ready to listen, I began explaining.

"The strategy is extremely simple. We’ll mainly divide into three groups. One
group will be the rear guard: Marina, President Laurel, and Caron to protect
her. The second group will be the front line: Yurika. Finally, Nina will provide
buffs as needed."

Overall, this formation was no different from the established strategy for
Magical Piece. The "Green Mage" would act as a skirmisher while the rear guard
supported and attacked. The only unusual aspect was that the "Blue Mage" was
acting alone.

Naturally, questions arose regarding this.

"Yurika is one thing, but is Nina going to be alone too?"

"If the Blue Mage is alone, they'll be targeted first. How do you plan to deal
with that?"

Laurel and Caron's concerns were valid. The "Blue Mage" specializes in buffs and
has no offensive capabilities. Their mobility isn’t particularly high either. If
they were operating solo, they would undoubtedly become easy targets.

However, that only applied to a typical "Blue Mage."

"No problem. Nina can be somewhat stealthy and has learned evasion techniques.
As long as there are two enemies, she can hold out just fine."

To say "just fine" might be dismissive, but the opponents were only students.
There was an overwhelming difference in skill and experience between them. Even
under the restrictions of their role cards, landing an attack on her would be
incredibly difficult.

"It’ll be fine."

Nina herself gave a confident thumbs-up.

Aside from Laurel, who hadn’t seen Nina’s abilities, it seemed Caron and the
others were convinced by my explanation. No further objections were raised.

"I want Yurika to learn some light stealth techniques and repeat hit-and-run
tactics during the match. Instead of trying to take down enemies, I want her to
focus on wearing them down."

"Y-Yes!"

"The main attacking force will be the rear guard. President Laurel will weaken
the enemies, and then Marina will strike from above. It’s a simple task, but it
will be the main strength of this team. Give it your all."

"I-I understand!"

"I’ll do my best!"

"And your job, Caron, is to protect those two. You’ll probably end up doing most
of the fighting during the match. It’s going to be tough, but—"

"Leave it to me, Onii-sama!"

"Ah, please do. Nina will be the key to the team. While being cautious not to
get taken down by the enemy, I need you to assess the battlefield and provide
buffs to either the front or rear guard as needed."

"Got it."

Having acknowledged everyone’s responses, I took another look around the group
and nodded firmly.

"Alright, let’s move on to confirming our coordination."

After that, we repeatedly engaged in practical drills to simulate the upcoming
match.

<br/>

<br/>

At the academy, the school buildings are divided by grade and major classes. As
a result, there are few opportunities for students to interact with those from
other classes or grades during regular lessons. The cafeteria, student
dormitories, and special mobile classrooms are about the only places.

I realized this when I encountered a situation that exemplified this very point.
We were on our way to the teacher's studio for our painting class.

"Hm?"

As the carriage passed near the training grounds for the third-year students, I
caught a familiar magical presence and turned my gaze. Normally, I would have
overlooked it, but for some reason, I happened to look up.

Near the entrance of the training grounds, there was Laurel, just as I had
sensed. I had thought, based on the multiple responses I detected, that she was
simply moving to the training grounds with friends, but the scene I witnessed
was anything but calm.

Laurel was surrounded by five men and women, who were using violence against
her. Though it was merely light shoving, the fact that she was being surrounded
by multiple people made the situation unacceptable, especially since I knew her.

I stood up, intending to help Laurel.

However, before I could make a move, something else happened.

"AAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!"

The group that had been kicking Laurel suddenly found themselves engulfed in
flames. They all screamed and rolled on the ground. Fortunately, it seemed the
fire was just enough to serve as a warning, as it extinguished quickly without
spreading, and they emerged unscathed. Even Laurel, who was at the center,
hadn’t been hit by any sparks.

It seemed the other people in the carriage had also noticed Laurel’s presence
due to the commotion. While they couldn't see the earlier scene, Orca and
Minerva, being perceptive, seemed to grasp the situation.

Minerva sighed and said, "Go quickly. I'll explain things to the teacher."

"Sorry about this."

"Hmph. What a troublesome fiancé you are."

Though she scoffed dismissively, I could tell she was genuinely concerned. It
was her usual way of hiding her embarrassment.

After thanking her again, I opened a [Phase Connection] and then called out to
Caron.

"Caron, let’s go."

"…Yes."

She nodded quietly, wearing a slightly awkward expression.

Some might have realized it, but the flames from earlier were Caron's magic. She
had reacted instinctively to protect Laurel.

Although she had managed to keep the power low enough to serve as a warning, an
attack without prior warning in a non-lethal situation is hardly commendable.
Well, at least she was aware that it was wrong.

For now, I decided to put off the lecture. The two of us leaped gracefully from
the moving carriage.The destination of the [Phase Connection] was, of course,
Laurel. With our sudden appearance as nobles, those who had been bothering her
were thrown into a state of panic. It seemed the earlier flames had left them
unable to think straight.

From what I could see, it looked like they hadn’t sustained any burns. Caron had
truly only used enough power to serve as a warning.

In that case, I could leave these guys alone. Since they all seemed to be
commoners, the psychological burden of being targeted by nobles would serve as
punishment enough.

I put on a commanding voice and declared, "Scatter. If you don't want to offend
me any further, quickly disappear."

"““““Eeeeeek!”””””

The group that had been smirking just moments ago now wore expressions that
suggested they might burst into tears, scattering like frightened insects.

Given their reaction, they likely wouldn’t bother Laurel again.

"Thank you very much," she said.

"You're welcome. I’m relieved to see you weren’t seriously hurt."

When I turned around, I saw Caron using [Healing] magic on Laurel. The scrapes
and bruises were disappearing in an instant.

Once the healing was complete, we moved to a more comfortable location. It
wouldn’t do to linger at the entrance of the training grounds, as we would only
inconvenience others.

We established a [Phase Connection] to the separate residence of Foranada. The
servants, slightly surprised by our appearance, quickly adapted to the
situation. They soon began preparing tea.

We gathered around the table and sipped our tea. Laurel, who had shown signs of
confuShion at first, seemed to regain her composure by the time her cup was
empty.

"Thank you for everything," she said softly after a while.

The phrase "for everything" clearly carried various meanings, as I could tell
from her tone.

I shrugged. "Don’t mention it. I only helped because I happened to see what was
happening. And as for gratitude, that should go to Caron. She’s the one who used
fire."

"Is that so? Thank you, Caron."

"No, it wasn’t right for me to act before saying anything. So please, don’t
worry about it."

"Don’t say that. The fact is, you saved me."

"…I understand. I’ll accept your gratitude."

Though there was still a hint of awkwardness, the two exchanged smiles and
nodded at each other.

For now, it seemed we had reached a temporary resolution.

"So, what was going on over there?" I asked Laurel, timing my question
carefully. I had a general idea, but hearing the details from her would provide
more accurate information.

"Well, that’s…"

In response, she wore a complex expression, hesitating as she spoke.

If the content was as I suspected, there was no reason for her to hesitate. I
wondered what was holding her back.

It seemed Caron shared the same question and spoke up with a concerned tone. "I
assure you, this conversation won’t leak outside. I, as well as Onii-sama and
the staff, promise not to divulge anything. Please, don’t hold back. Share what
you can."

Along with her words, I and the nearby servants nodded in agreement.

Acknowledging our assurance, Laurel scratched her cheek, looking somewhat
uncomfortable.

"Well, it’s not that serious of a matter. It’s just that talking about it feels
a bit embarrassing…"

"I don’t think there’s anything to be embarrassed about now. You were making a
fool of yourself during training, after all."

"Ah… that’s true.”Laurel slumped her shoulders in disappointment at my retort.
She had been trying to act all senior-like, so my comment clearly hit home. But
since it was the truth, I had no intention of taking it back.

"It’s not a complicated story. It’s just a simple fact that I’m a failure," she
said.

After a brief pause, Laurel began to explain.

As expected, it was a straightforward tale. She had been stuck in Class D for
years, hovering near the bottom of the overall rankings. As a result, this
underperformer had clung to the Magical-Piece Club, where powerful students
gathered, which made her a target for bullying from those who found it
bothersome.

"I’ve been made a target by some of the Magical-Piece affiliates in Classes C
and above. The bullying isn't anything new, so please don’t worry about it too
much," she said, forcing a smile that was obviously just for show.

I had already gauged her abilities through our training together. I knew well
enough that she couldn’t be described as talented. However, I hadn’t thought it
would escalate to bullying.

While it's true that Magical-Piece is a competition where raw ability offers an
advantage, that doesn’t mean those with lesser skills shouldn't be able to enjoy
it. In fact, as a creator, I would prefer it if everyone could partake without
discrimination.

This was a consequence of not having anticipated such a widespread appeal. It
was my responsibility for underestimating the situation. I would need to discuss
with Noma and Wiemlay to explore improvement plans.

However, this wasn’t something that could be resolved immediately. We would have
to consider various options for the future.

For now, I decided to tackle the immediate issue in a different way. I would
take a very straightforward approach.

"If that's the case, then we absolutely cannot lose our next match against the
top club."

"Huh?"

Laurel’s response was a bewildered gasp.

While she was left flabbergasted, Caron leaned in eagerly.

"That’s right, Laurel! If we win the upcoming match, we can show all those who
have looked down on you just what we’re capable of! We can prove our strength!"

With her fists clenched, my little sister declared her enthusiasm.

Encouraged by her momentum, Laurel faltered, looking uncertain.

"But, but… the ones who will shine in the match will definitely be you and
Caron. There’s no way I can keep up."

"That’s not true!"

Caron resolutely dismissed Laurel’s weak assertion.

"You’ve been working hard at your training, haven’t you? I know you’ve been
practicing on your own after training sessions. Your efforts are undeniable.
Your passion for Magical-Piece is sincere, and I can assure you that you will be
able to shine in the match. I guarantee it!"

Her bright, crimson aura shone without any hint of doubt, piercing directly
through Laurel's brown eyes. It was evident that Caron wholeheartedly believed
in her from the depths of her heart.

This was one of Caron’s strengths. She could convey her feelings directly to
anyone and dissolve even the most closed-off hearts.

The title of "Saint of Sunlight" truly suited her. With her warm words and
light, she heals the hearts of others.

No one could remain unmoved by such unadulterated affection. Indeed, Laurel’s
eyes were visibly shaken.

"…Do you think I can really fight?"

"Yes! Let’s do our best together!"

"Hahaha. If you’re going to agree so straightforwardly, then I guess I’ll have
to work hard!"

After wiping her eyes with her finger, Laurel raised her fist high into the air.

"Let’s defeat the top club! I’m going for it!"

"Yeah!"

Caron joined in, and before I knew it, I found myself mimicking their gestures.

I felt a bit embarrassed, but if I could lift Laurel’s spirits, then that was
what mattered. With that, I believed our worries about the upcoming match
against the top club had cleared up. Now, all that remained was to continue
training until the match day.

<br/>

<br/>

After sending Caron and Laurel on their way, I used **[[Phase Connection]]** to
move to another location.

The place was near the training grounds where Laurel had been accosted
earlier—specifically, behind that building.

There was already someone waiting there: one of my domain's spies.

"How did it go?" I asked.

"There's a small amount, but it was found on the ground," he replied, holding up
a small, transparent bag.

Inside the bag was a small amount of green powder. Though it was less than a
pinch, it would serve as sufficient evidence.

"Just as I suspected, it’s the black market. What about the people we were
following?" I inquired.

"They’ve been secured. Interrogation will begin shortly."

"Understood. I’ll conduct my own investigation here."

"Would you like assistance?"

"Not needed. I’ll just be observing," I said.

"Very well."

As my subordinate stepped back, I took a look around.

The training grounds were a large facility, and the area behind the building was
dim and damp, giving off an atmosphere that suggested illicit dealings were
taking place.

Well, it seemed more than just a suggestion; it was clearly happening.

The powder my subordinate had shown me was known as "Leaf." It’s a dangerous
substance classified as an illegal drug in neighboring countries. The
transaction was taking place right here.

While the seller was currently unknown, the buyers had already been identified.
A few of the students who had been bullying Laurel were among those who had
purchased "Leaf."

After sensing minor fluctuations in magical energy, I had taken extra
precautions to track them, which led to the expected results.

"How did they manage to bring it onto the grounds?"

The academy was under strict security. Just a few days ago, kidnappers had
infiltrated, but that was an exceptional case; typically, it wouldn’t be easy to
breach the defenses.

In other words, the seller this time likely possessed some specialized skills.
This was far from a simple issue.

That was why I had decided to investigate myself—

"Are there any traces?"

I used my eyes to search for evidence but found nothing. At the very least, it
was clear that no magic had been used in this area.

While I hadn’t expected to easily find a lead, I couldn’t help but feel
disappointed if it ended up being a dead end.

Letting out a sigh, I spoke to my waiting subordinate.

"I'm going to report this to the headmaster. You can return to your duties."

"Understood."

After acknowledging the response, I opened a **[Phase Connection]**. My
destination was, of course, the headmaster’s office.“W-w-wait!”

“I’m interrupting.”

As I passed through **[Phase Connection]**, the headmaster, who had been sorting
through paperwork at her desk, let out a startled exclamation. The beautiful
young girl with long black hair stared at me with wide eyes, momentarily frozen.

When I casually greeted her, she sighed heavily.

“Ah, it’s just you. If you’re going to teleport, at least give me a heads-up.
It’s bad for my heart.”

“Sorry about that. It’s an urgent matter.”

“Urgent?”

The headmaster narrowed her eyes at my statement. The relaxed atmosphere that
had previously filled the room shifted dramatically, replaced by a sharp and
tense air of intimidation.

She knew my capabilities, and thus she must have deduced that whatever I brought
was far from ordinary.

As expected of a witch who has lived for so long. The aura she emitted when
switching gears was impressive; she radiated an overwhelming presence that
ordinary folks could not possibly match.

Of course, I couldn’t shake the image of her as a “pathetic person” since I had
defeated her in the past, but there was no doubt about her abilities.

I approached the headmaster and informed her that I had discovered “Leaf” on the
academy grounds and that a few students had purchased it.

After quickly grasping the situation, she tossed aside the documents in her
hands and buried her face in her hands.

“Not again!”

Her words were a genuine expression of frustration from the depths of her being.

It was understandable. Just after wrapping up the kidnapping incident, another
problem had emerged. To make matters worse, this time, some of the students were
both victims and offenders.

After a brief pause, the headmaster lifted her head. Her expression was one of
severe concern.

“Who’s the seller?”

“The ringleader is unknown. There were no traces left at what seems to be the
transaction location.”

“So, we can’t tell if it’s a student or an outsider. What about the students
you’ve captured?”

“They’re being interrogated. Don’t worry, I won’t let them suffer too much.”

…Probably.

“Didn’t you just add an unnecessary qualifier?”

“Maybe it’s just your imagination?”

As expected of the “loli grandma,” her intuition was strangely sharp.

That said, whether they would truly avoid suffering depended on them. If they
kept their mouths shut, my subordinates would likely go all out in their
interrogation. While it was unfortunate for her as an educator to worry about
the students, I couldn’t guarantee their safety.

“While identifying the seller is crucial, what’s even more important is how the
drugs were smuggled onto the grounds,” I stated, redirecting the conversation.

Since it was an important matter, the headmaster was skillfully led. She placed
a hand on her mouth, deep in thought.

“True… Under normal circumstances, outsiders shouldn’t be able to infiltrate,
and we should have been able to prevent the entry of illegal goods.”

“Given the kidnapping incident, I can’t trust the security measures completely.”

“I understand. I’m well aware that security doesn’t hold against individuals of
a certain level of power. You can bypass it, and I could as well.”

I wondered if that was really the best stance to take. Shouldn’t she be boasting
about a security system that “even I can’t break through”?

But I decided to set that topic aside; it wasn’t particularly important.

“The kidnappers used the teleportation magic called **[Shadow Walk]** to come
and go.”

“Now, we need to figure out what method they employed this time,” she replied.

I nodded in agreement.

“If it’s an outsider, they must have some means of infiltration; if it’s a
student, they must possess a way to conceal ‘Leaf.’ It’s likely they’re using
original magic,” I stated.

If it were existing magic, the academy’s security would easily thwart it.
Therefore, it was only logical to suspect a type of original magic akin to
**[Shadow Walk]**.

The headmaster pressed her fingers against her forehead.

“Creating original magic just like that isn’t easy, you know.”

Her complaint was valid.

In this world, magic can be conceived through imagination, but it is
surprisingly inflexible.

This is due to the human tendency toward fixed ideas and preconceived notions.
Because existing magic influences their thinking, creating new magic isn’t a
simple task.

Ah, but that’s not the case for me. There are few types of neutral magic, and
mental magic hasn’t been developed at all. I have no choice but to produce
original spells left and right.

“However, other means are limited. We’ll just have to accept that,” I said.

“True enough.”

After sharing some information and discussing future collaboration, we agreed
that we wouldn’t take significant action until the interrogations were complete,
as there wasn’t much confirmed at the moment.

Later, I spent some time in the headmaster’s office until we received the
results of the interrogations.

Unfortunately, we didn’t gain any useful information. None of the three students
who purchased the drugs had clearly recognized the seller’s appearance. They
only confessed that they had been lured in by promises of “increased magic power
and mana.”

They were likely under the influence of some kind of recognition-hindering magic
or magical item. If that were the case, it could mean the seller was affiliated
with the witch.

While it was helpful to confirm that, the lack of clues leading to the seller
was a significant setback.

In the end, we had no choice but to wait for any new movements on their part.

The incident with “Leaf” was also suspiciously linked to the Forest Nation. Just
how far the connections go remains uncertain.

With a sense of unease hanging over us, we called it a day.

<br/>

<br/>

Since the discovery of "Leaf" within the academy, the week had passed without
any major incidents, and the weekend arrived.

Ah, but there was one thing: the date for the match against the top club had
been set. It would take place at the end of July during summer vacation. We had
about a month to prepare, and I wanted to make the most of it.

That said, training every single day could take a toll on our bodies. I decided
to declare the last day of the week a rest day. Laurel had been opposed to this,
but there was no point in rushing. Resting was also a form of training.

With that in mind, I aimed to make the most of our precious day off, so Shion
and I once again left the capital. Like before, we had work to do.

This time, we planned to visit the "Fairyliyl Orphanage," which was Gesh's
hometown.

That facility was located in a city further south from Gesh's base. It was a
fairly large city, and given its proximity to the imperial border, the market
was filled with unusual goods.

"Shall we pick up some souvenirs later?"

"I believe Caroline-sama and the others will be very pleased."

When I murmured this, Shion agreed.

Even though I spoke as if it were someone else's affair, the recipients of those
souvenirs would include her as well. I wanted to point that out, but since it
was a surprise, I decided to keep it to myself. I hoped they would be happy.

As we exchanged light conversation, we walked through the city. If one were to
look at just this part, it would seem like a date, but it was indeed official
business, so please excuse us.

Before long, we arrived at the alleyway in front of the Fairyliy Orphanage. We
peered at the orphanage from the shadows.

It stood slightly outside the center of the city, next to a church. Since it was
said to be a facility under the church’s umbrella, there was nothing unusual
about its location.

By the way, there are three types of orphanages: those operated by the church,
those run by the government, and those run by individuals.

The number of each follows the order I mentioned, with the church-operated ones
being the most common and the individually-run ones being so rare that they
could be counted on one hand. Few people would venture to start a business
already tackled by the church or the government. Well, there were a few operated
by Foranada, though.

Anyway, At first glance, it looked like an entirely ordinary orphanage. The
preliminary investigation had not revealed anything odd. As of now, there seemed
to be no connection between the orphanage and "Leaf" or the Forest Kingdom.

However, since we hadn't conducted an internal investigation yet, the outcome
would depend on that. Even if there turned out to be no connections, any
information about Gesh would still be valuable.

"If we start asking around, we might raise suspicion. Let's sneak in and
investigate first."

"Understood."

If the church's staff were involved, asking about Gesh might make them wary,
leading them to dispose of any hidden documents. Therefore, it was essential to
conduct covert investigations first.

"Shion, get a little closer. You're out of range for the magic."

"Y-Yes."

I pulled her closer, as she blushing, and used [Phase Concealment] to hide us.

Truth be told, we were originally within range, but I hoped this little bit of
leniency would be forgiven. Recently, I hadn't had much time to dote on Shion,
so I was compensating for that.

While making excuses in my mind, we managed to infiltrate the orphanage.

The facility itself was quite ordinary. Being run by the church, it had a
somewhat simple feel, but the interior was plain. The caretaking sisters were
unremarkable, and the children running around showed no signs of anything
unusual.

It was an entirely normal and average orphanage.

_There don’t seem to be any hidden rooms or anything like that._

After a thorough look around, Shion communicated through thought.

I nodded in response.

“_This really is an unremarkable orphanage. It doesn’t seem like it’s involved
in this incident at all._”

“_So, should we proceed as planned?_”

“_Let’s ask around and gather information on Gesh._”

We nodded to each other and stepped outside the facility. In the alleyway from
earlier, we dispelled [Phase Concealment] and casually returned to the
orphanage.

"Excuse me, Sister over there, may I have a moment of your time?"

"Yes, how may I assist you?"

I called out to a middle-aged sister who happened to be passing by, and she
responded with a smile. I had noted during our earlier infiltration that she was
the head sister, having worked here for nearly twenty years. This should make
the conversation go smoothly. We were lucky.

"We are here on official business."

"Eh…” The sister had been smiling cheerfully, but the moment I produced a
certain item, her expression froze. Then, in a trembling voice, she murmured,

"The Imperial Guard..."

Yes. What I had just shown her was proof of my affiliation with the Imperial
Guard. Moreover, it was a special item granted only to those acting under royal
orders.

As for why I possessed such a thing, I had asked Wiemlay for it.

Given the manpower shortage for this investigation, I couldn't afford to waste
time. However, disguising myself as a mere adventurer to gather information on
Gesh was a cumbersome process that required numerous steps.

Thus, I decided to claim to be part of the Imperial Guard as a shortcut. They
were famous throughout the Holy Kingdom, directly overseen by the Holy Royal
Family. By showing this proof, there would be few who would dare oppose me.

And my expectations were right.

"What business does a member of the Imperial Guard have with such an orphanage?"

"There’s no need for concern. I’m here to gather information on someone from
this facility. I won’t do anything else."

"I-Is that really true?"

"I swear it on God and my family name."

"Understood. I will fully cooperate."

At first, the sister was trembling, but when I assured her it was just
inquiries, she exhaled in relief. Given her demeanor, I felt there was no need
for further concern.

Afterward, we were led to a reception room within the facility, where we
conducted a question-and-answer session regarding Gesh.

It turned out he had been there ten years ago, and the sister struggled to
recall details. However, with enough time, we managed to gather ample
information.

We learned about how he spent his time in the orphanage and details about his
character, though I set aside portions that seemed irrelevant.

What caught my attention were two points.

First, the circumstances surrounding Gesh's entry into the orphanage.

Unlike most of the children, he had a father who was alive and whose identity
was known, yet he was placed in this facility.

Gesh’s father had been missing for several years, and when he returned, he was
supposedly holding a baby. When they inquired about what had happened during his
absence, he could only stare blankly, unable to provide any answers.

Ultimately, it was decided that the father, in a state of despair, could not
care for the child, and thus Gesh was entrusted to the orphanage.

The second point was that Gesh had been searching for his mother.

Deprived of love from his father, he harbored hope of finding a mother whose
identity was unknown. He desperately tried to trace his father’s footsteps to
uncover what had happened around the time his father went missing.

Although he had not been able to find her during his time at the orphanage, the
sister mentioned that she didn’t know what happened afterward.

It all felt too suspicious. The child conceived during the father’s
disappearance, the man who might be his father, and the "Leaf" likely brought
from the Forest Kingdom. Individually, each piece of information might not serve
as conclusive evidence, but when combined, a vague picture began to emerge.

"What do you think, Shion?"

"I believe there is a significant possibility."

As we left the orphanage, we exchanged those words.

Given that we had reached the same conclusion, it seemed Shion was on the same
page as well. I felt we could consider this almost certain.

At this point, let me explain how genetics work in this world.

I believe I previously mentioned that "only males can reliably inherit magical
traits." Thus, noble heirs are typically male.

There are also other traits influenced by genetics that vary based on gender.

This includes race. The species of the children born depends on the father’s
race. This applies to beastmen as well.

What I mean to say is that in this world, there are no half-breeds. If the
father is human, regardless of the mother's race, the child will always be
human. That is the law of this world.

In other words, "The forest folks are abducting men from the Holy Kingdom and
literally breeding potential spies. It makes me sick."

They capture human men and force them to have children with elven women.
Naturally, the offspring will be human, but they will also carry elven blood.

Most likely, the captured fathers were kept under constant sedation. There’s no
way such a person could care for a child, leading the newborns to instinctively
seek the love of their mothers, just like Gesh did.

They must be exploiting that psychology to turn them into spies. They would
entice them with promises like, "If you serve the Forest Kingdom, you will
receive your mother's love."

It's utterly vile. I refuse to acknowledge such abhorrent acts as those
committed by the same race.

I cannot assert it as a fact due to lack of physical evidence. However, even the
mere speculation is enough to make me feel nauseated.

"What do they think children are?"

Shion sighed with a heavy heart.

I exhaled in response.

"Who knows? They probably operate under some twisted logic like, 'What was born
is human, not elven.' I can’t empathize with that at all."

I've heard that the elves of the Forest Kingdom look down on other races. If
that's the case, they would never recognize a child born as human, regardless of
any blood connection. In fact, they might even harbor hatred.

"That’s just despicable."

"I couldn’t agree more."

It's truly a revolting tale. Moreover, it's infuriating that there's no
fundamental solution to this situation.

After all, these potential spies are human, and even if they possess elven
lineage, there’s no way to discern that.

I need to think of some sort of breakthrough. The first thing that comes to mind
is the improvement of the Appraisal skill.

That day, I returned home with a cloud of unease hanging over me.

Oh no, I forgot to buy souvenirs! This is just the worst.
