# Chapter 7: Star Hammer

Let's backtrack a bit. Right before Caron and the others’ match with the Magical
Piece, I had teleported somewhere.

In short, I had flown to the capital of the Forest Kingdom. I wanted to set up a
precaution to ensure I wasn’t outwitted again.

You see, when I got the information from Shion, I had already suspected that a
thief claiming to be the "Witch of the West" was hiding out in the Forest
Kingdom.

Through a reverse-trace of past movements, I knew she had headed south. Then
there was all the suspicious activity: “Leaf,” the Forest Kingdom’s agents
acting strangely, the cursed items Laurel possessed—it all started happening one
after another. It would’ve been impossible not to grow suspicious.

I was certain that if I didn’t act here, the "Witch of the West" would escape
again, just like last time. That conviction led me to take drastic measures.

And those measures? I decided to seal off the entire Forest Kingdom with a
barrier.

Anyone else would think I was crazy, but with my power, it wasn’t impossible. I
had more than enough magical energy and control to maintain such a barrier.

However, the downside was that the caster had to stay focused on the spell. If I
did that, I wouldn’t be able to watch Caron and the others' match, which would
defeat the purpose.

So, I appointed someone as a substitute. While I would provide the magical
energy, I selected someone with the skills necessary to maintain the barrier.

"Finally, you're back. Boss, I'm really at my limit!"

As soon as I teleported over the capital of the Forest Kingdom, Noma shouted at
me.

That’s right. The one maintaining the barrier in my place was Noma, a palm-sized
earth spirit. Normally, she’s a confident and boyish type, but right now, she
was on the verge of tears, looking desperate as she pleaded with me.

I checked the surroundings and saw that the Forest Kingdom had launched a
full-scale assault on the barrier. Since the spell itself was mine, it couldn’t
be broken, but just maintaining it was clearly a huge burden on Noma.

"The Spirit King himself showed up just a little while ago! It’s terrifying!
Hurry up and take over, boss!"

It seemed the mental pressure was getting to her too.

I see. If the Spirit King himself had appeared, it was no wonder she was shaken.
After all, to her, he’s the pinnacle of her race.

Still, the fact that she stuck with the mission, even against an opponent like
that, showed how loyal Noma really was.

A thought crossed my mind—_Am I scarier than the Spirit King?_—but I brushed it
aside.

"Hang in there a bit longer. I’m heading inside."

"Huh? Inside? The elves and spirits from the entire country are gathering there,
you know?"

"Is that a problem?"

"Well, I’m sure you’ll be fine, boss, but..."

As I responded calmly, Noma lowered her head, looking a bit dejected.

I messed up. Even though I was in a bad mood, I lashed out at her, someone
completely uninvolved. What an idiot I am.

"Sorry, I was on edge and took it out on you. I had business with the people of
the Forest Kingdom, which is why I put up the barrier in the first place."

"I-Is that so? But still, please don’t overdo it, boss."

Even after everything, she was still worried about me. It really made me glad
that Noma was on my side.

"Thanks. I’ll be counting on you."

"I’ll do my best, but please don’t take too long. I’m not exaggerating when I
say this is tough."

"I’ll finish as quickly as I can. See you in a bit."

With that brief exchange, I jumped into the barrier. Since it was my own spell,
I had no trouble passing through.

Oh, right. I’d rather avoid causing a diplomatic incident, so I should go in as
Sech. That’s exactly why I created this false identity.

Sech was still an adventurer from the Holy Kingdom, but it was better than going
in as a noble. It’s like the difference between a full-time employee and a temp
worker.

I could have disguised myself as a complete stranger, but that could’ve led to
unexpected complications. I wanted to keep control over how things played out to
some extent.

While it wasn't as perceptive as magic sight, elves can see magic power. They’d
probably see through my disguise, but... I’d just have to show them my guild
card and talk my way out of it. Since my activities as Sech rely on this
disguise, there shouldn’t be any contradictions to worry about.

Beyond the barrier, the capital of the Forest Kingdom spread out before me.

I created a foothold with magic and gazed down at the scene below.

It was exactly how you’d imagine—an elven city built within the forest, with a
perfect balance of nature and human-made structures. In the center stood the
fabled "Great Tree."

But something else caught my attention even more.

Just as Noma had said, countless elves and spirits had gathered. Spirit
magicians capable of flight were in the air, while others were launching attacks
from the ground.

This was probably only a part of their forces. Considering the barrier covered
the entire country, it was likely that similar attacks were happening all over.

The moment I emerged from a restricted area, I became the center of attention.
Every single person focused on me.

"You there, who are you?"

A voice boomed from the crowd.

The speaker was a black-haired man, imposing and clad in luxurious armor. It was
hard to guess his age, given he was an elf, but judging by his aura of
authority, he was likely quite old.

This man must be the king of the Forest Kingdom.

His gaudy attire and the number of guards around him hinted at his status, but
the most telling sign was the spirit standing behind him. The spirit had long,
flowing hair and emitted a gradient of red, blue, green, and brown auras. Its
presence far outstripped that of any other spirit, and unlike most spirits, it
was human-sized.

The spirit king Noma had mentioned multiple times—it had to be him. And in a
feudal society, it was customary for "a king to make contracts with a king." To
be sure, I used 【Appraisal】, and the result was exactly as I expected.

In response to the king’s question, the crowd fell silent. The barrage of
attacks that had been raging moments earlier came to a halt.

In the ensuing quiet, I raised my voice.

"My name is Sech. I’m an A-rank adventurer, bearing the title of ‘Star.’"

I presented my adventurer’s card as I introduced myself.

The crowd stirred. Although Sech’s exploits were mostly known within the Holy
Kingdom, it seemed the "Star" title was also well-known here in the Forest
Kingdom. Titles like that carried significant weight.

For some reason, the king broke into a wide smile, as if misunderstanding
something.

"I see! You’ve come to aid us in our time of need?"

"Huh?"

A dumbfounded response slipped out.

But only for a moment. When I thought about it, the king’s misunderstanding made
sense. A barrier that isolated an entire nation was something no ordinary person
could create, and anyone capable of such a feat would be a criminal. There’s no
way the king would suspect an A-rank adventurer with a title to be the culprit.
It was far more natural to assume, as the king did, that I’d come to rescue
them.

It seemed he also thought it was only natural that a human like me would assist
the elves. Even though he was smiling, I could sense a hint of mockery beneath
it.

As the king approached in a friendly manner, I raised a hand to stop him.

"I’m not here to rescue you. I came to deliver a warning—and judgment."

"What?"

The king furrowed his brows in confusion, and the crowd began to murmur in
unease.

Ignoring them, I continued.

"Earlier, a light magician from the Holy Kingdom, who happens to be a friend of
mine, was attacked. By agents of this kingdom."

"Surely, there must be some mistake?"

The king remained calm as he replied.

As expected of a ruler—he wasn’t going to slip up over something like this.

"The agent has already been captured. I’ve successfully interrogated them."

"That’s an absurd claim. There’s no way one of our people could have been
captured."

The king laughed mockingly at my statement.

However, his laughter didn’t last long.

"Perhaps you’re referring to the self-destruct spell? I’ve already dispelled
that."

"What?”

For the first time, the king's expression faltered. He wasn't overwhelmingly
shaken, but I could clearly see his eyes twitch.

He must have been utterly confident in that self-destruct spell. And why
wouldn't he be? In the history of their covert operations, it had never been
broken, which is why they continued to rely on it as a standard practice.

"Your country uses some rather... peculiar methods for its agents, doesn’t it?
You have elven women mate with men of other races—human men—and then abandon
their human offspring in enemy nations, only to lure them back when the time is
right with the promise of a reunion with their mothers. It’s sickening. Does
your Forest Kingdom have no sense of humanity?"

As I spat out those words, the crowd grew even more uneasy. It was likely most
of them had no idea about the despicable acts of their country’s covert
operations. Even though the elves were prideful, it seemed their sense of
morality was otherwise intact. Or maybe they were sympathizing with the mothers
forced into those roles. Either way, their reactions didn’t matter much to me
right now.

But the king remained completely unfazed.

"I have no idea what you’re talking about. As for the agent you claim to have
captured, it’s unclear whether they even belong to our kingdom. Please refrain
from making baseless accusations without evidence. Even an adventurer with a
title will face severe punishment if they continue to insult our nation."

He even had the nerve to smirk slightly. It was clear he intended to play dumb
all the way through. Given his demeanor, it seemed pointless to bring up the
issue of the witches.

It’s true that the only indication that the agents belonged to the Forest
Kingdom was their own testimony. I didn’t have any physical evidence to back it
up. If I tried to formally accuse them, they would undoubtedly worm their way
out of it.

Well, that’s if I _formally_ accuse them, anyway.

<br/>

<br/>

“Hahaha…”

“What’s so funny?”

The king asked suspiciously as I chuckled under my breath.

“You’ve misunderstood something else.”

“Misunderstood?”

The first was his assumption that I’d come to rescue them.

And the second—

“When did I ever say I’d be filing a formal complaint?”

“What!?”

For the first time, the king of the Forest Kingdom’s eyes widened in shock. His
mouth hung open in disbelief.

“Evidence? I don’t care about that. As long as I know you’re behind this, that’s
all that matters.”

I’d known from the start they’d been careful not to leave any evidence behind. I
had long since accepted that no fair and just punishment would ever come to
them.

But still. After they tore countless children from their mothers, crushed the
dreams and hopes of my friend, and made me watch their revolting charades—and on
top of all that, they dared target my beloved Caron. There was no way I could
let them go without any consequences.

I had kept my anger in check by repeatedly using my skill, [Calm Mind]. But now,
I’d reached my limit.

“I told you from the start, didn’t I? I came here to deliver a warning and
judgment. This isn’t justice; it’s my own personal punishment. So brace yourself
for the hammer of the Star.”

My words, laced with a mocking tone, made the king’s anger boil over.

“Don’t be ridiculous! There’s no way we’d allow such a thing! Do you seriously
think you can defeat my entire kingdom? Even just here in the capital, we’ve
assembled so many elves and spirits! Do you truly believe you can survive
against us?”

Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible. The elves, the most skilled
in magic among the races, and a massive host of spirits—their numbers alone
would be overwhelming. There shouldn’t be any human capable of standing against
such a force.

“Of course I do.”

But I am not just any human. Without hesitation, I declared that I would win.

My confidence must have struck the king as arrogant, for his face turned bright
red with fury, and he let out a booming command.

“Everyone, this man is the greatest enemy of the Forest Kingdom! Kill him!”

With his order, the soldiers and spirits around me began gathering their magic.
They were likely preparing for a coordinated bombardment of spells.

Dealing with this would be easy enough, but it would be a hassle to fight them
all one by one. Killing them all when they didn’t even know the full situation
seemed excessive… yeah, I’d hold back a bit.

I quickly sorted through my options and activated my magic as naturally as
breathing.

“[Compression].”

I deliberately invoked the spell by name to maintain the precise control needed.

[Compression] is a non-elemental spell I developed, modeled after the
highest-tier earth magic, [Gravity Press]—which increases the gravity in a
designated area. By applying pressure in a specific direction, [Compression]
crushes everything within its range.

I set the range to encompass the entire capital... but spared the Great Tree.
The pressure would be directed downward. While the bones of those caught in the
spell would be shattered, I adjusted the power just enough to keep them from
dying.

I was aware that the civilians had already evacuated to underground shelters, so
I had no reason to hold back. Sure, most of the buildings would probably
collapse, but I wasn’t obligated to care about that.

My spell worked perfectly, and the entire capital groaned under the immense
pressure. Soldiers on the ground were forced to the floor, and those in the air
plummeted to the earth. The crushing weight rendered them all silent—unable even
to cry out.

The only one who withstood [Compression] was the king of the Forest Kingdom,
protected by his Spirit King.

Well, to be precise, I had deliberately spared him. After all, I had no
intention of letting him off with just [Compression].

“Is this… [Gravity Press]!?”

“No, I don’t sense any trace of earth magic. Is this an unknown spell?!”

The two of them screamed, their voices tinged with panic.

Judging by their exchange, it seemed that the Spirit King was able to grasp the
general nature of the magic he’d been hit with.

Makes sense. Akatsuki and I can identify the specifics of a spell just by seeing
it in action. If their ability is a degraded version of that, then they’d have
similar capabilities. However, since they can’t perceive non-elemental magic, it
would be more appropriate to call it a severely downgraded version.

“What? Not going to make a move?”

I taunted them, seeing how they were frozen in panic.

Perhaps not used to such provocation, the king of the Forest Kingdom widened his
eyes in rage.

“Don’t mock me! Someone like you is no match for me and the Spirit King!”

“Feel the power of the Spirit King, the ruler of all spirits! Experience it with
your own body!”

The Spirit King joined in, raising his voice in a show of bravado.

There was no doubt now—these two had very little actual combat experience.

It made sense. A king only steps into battle when his country is truly on the
brink of destruction. It was no surprise they hadn’t fought much.

Drawing upon the Spirit King’s power, the king of the Forest Kingdom began
glowing in four distinct colors and launched himself at me.

From what I had observed earlier, the Spirit King seemed to possess all
elemental attributes except for light and darkness. That alone made him an
anomaly among spirits, who typically only have mastery over a single element.
His capacity for magic was also far greater than that of ordinary spirits.

But even so, he wasn’t a threat. As Noma had remarked when we first met, even
eight years ago, my mana capacity and mana density were already greater than the
Spirit King’s. And now, having grown stronger, the difference was
insurmountable.

While magic alone doesn’t always determine the outcome of a battle, an
overwhelming difference in strength can render any other factors irrelevant. On
top of that, I surpassed them in more than just magic. The outcome of this fight
was already obvious.

...Well, it seemed I was the only one here who could see that.

“I’ll slice your head clean off!”

“I’ll obliterate you into dust!”

Both the quick-tempered king of the Forest Kingdom and the Spirit King were
charging at me with their swords and spells, showing not the slightest awareness
of their weakness.

“Hah…”

I sighed, then sprang into action.

First, I’d deal with the Spirit King.

Even though he seemed to have a close relationship with the king of the Forest
Kingdom, he didn’t seem to be involved in running the kingdom. When I was
accusing them of harboring spies earlier, he looked completely uninterested.
There was no need to be excessively harsh with him.

As the two of them closed in, I unleashed a barrage of [Gunshot]. Since I didn’t
intend to kill them, I focused my shots on their limbs, riddling them with holes
like a beehive.

“Gyaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!”

The Spirit King let out a scream and began to plummet away from the king of the
Forest Kingdom.

Hmm? That didn’t do as much damage as I expected. ...Ah, I see. Since spirits
are made of mana, they’re less affected by physical attacks. [Gunshot] isn’t
purely physical, so it did deal damage, but this was turning out to be more
troublesome than I’d thought.

With those shallow wounds, he’d recover and rejoin the fight in no time. So, I
followed up with a second attack. This time, I mixed mental magic—[Fear]—into a
burst of mana for a special technique.

“GYAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!!”

The Spirit King writhed in agony as he fell, the effects of the spell clearly
taking hold.

It seems my past experience developing [Wings of Flight] for Noma had paid off.
Thanks to that, I was able to create a spell effective against spirits on the
spot.

“Spirit King!?”

The King of the Forest Kingdom shouted in shock, stunned by his companion’s
sudden fall.

Though the magic cast by the Spirit King remained in effect even as he fell, it
was useless if the one it was cast upon was left standing there in a daze.

And I wasn’t the type to let an opportunity like that pass me by.

I created a platform of mana under my feet, closing the distance swiftly. With a
quick punch to the king’s solar plexus, I struck. Of course, I held back. I
didn’t want to kill him. He’d suffer quite a bit, though.

The force of the blow lifted his body slightly. It wasn’t because the punch was
weak, but because I had dispersed the impact throughout his body to avoid
inflicting fatal damage. Right now, he was experiencing intense pain coursing
through every nerve.

“Ugh... Gah... Gahh…”

The pain was so overwhelming that he couldn’t even scream. He wheezed, his
breathing labored, his body slumping to the side.

If I left him like that, he’d splatter on the ground below—but I wasn’t about to
let that happen.

“Gah!”

I grabbed the king by the neck, hoisting him into the air.

His face contorted in pain as he writhed in my grip, struggling to break free. I
raised my other fist, preparing for what came next.

“U-agh!?”

He seemed to realize what was about to happen. His eyes went wide, and he began
to thrash in a futile attempt to escape.

“Too late.”

I coldly whispered those words before my fist came crashing down.

Again and again, the sound of heavy blows echoed across the battlefield.

<br/>

<br/>

In the half-ruined royal capital of the Forest Kingdom, there was only one place
left unscathed: the Great Tree. And I stood beneath it.

The tree, revered in the Forest Kingdom as a divine tree, was massive. Its trunk
was over a kilometer wide, and it was so tall that it seemed more like a
mountain. The top reached beyond the clouds. With such an awe-inspiring
presence, it was easy to understand why it was viewed as sacred.

Still, now wasn’t the time to leisurely admire the Great Tree. Although the
royal capital had been subdued, attacks on the barrier continued in various
places. I had to get my business done before Noma reached his limit.

I looked down at the battered King of the Forest Kingdom at my feet. He was
covered in blood and bruises, though I had gone easy on him. He still had enough
strength to talk, though his eyes were filled with nothing but fear as he looked
at me.

Incidentally, the Spirit King was prostrated on the edge of my vision. After
being hit with my full magical power earlier, it seemed his spirit had snapped.
Although he hadn’t gone mad, his body trembled uncontrollably. It was unlikely
he’d resist anymore.

Well, I could leave him be. My focus now was on the King of the Forest Kingdom.

“Hey, get up. I have something to ask you.”

“Eep! Wh-what is it?!”

He’d completely lost the will to fight. That should keep him from lying or
trying to hide anything. Even if he tried to deceive me, his emotions were easy
to read, so I’d see right through it.

“Why did you try to kidnap Caroline?”

Thanks to the interrogation, I had already managed to extract the objective from
the Forest Kingdom’s agents. However, the true motive was still a mystery. I
wanted to clarify that. Especially if there was a hint of a witch’s involvement
behind it.

After all, the reason I’d enclosed the entire kingdom was to prevent the escape
of the witch who was likely lurking in the shadows.

“So, you… you’re a pawn of those Holy Kingdom monkeys, aren’t you?!”

“Enough of that. Just answer the question.”

“Eek!”

I stomped lightly on the ground, and the king flinched dramatically. Though he
was gravely injured and couldn’t escape, his eyes clearly showed his desire to
flee.

In a panic, he began to speak.

“B-because the Great Tree’s radiance has faded!”

“The Great Tree’s radiance?”

I glanced at the so-called divine tree. It was an impressive tree with a
majestic aura, but it wasn’t glowing. Was it usually supposed to shine?

I gestured for him to continue.

“T-the Great Tree serves to fill the world with radiance. It’s truly a divine
tree. If its radiance fades, it would be nothing short of a global crisis. So, I
sought a way to restore that radiance.”

“And that way was Caroline?”

“We discovered that the help of a Light Mage was essential. Unfortunately, our
kingdom has no Light Mages in this generation. In that case, we had no choice
but to bring one from elsewhere. We’ve done nothing wrong—this is a righteous
act to protect the world!”

I narrowed my eyes at the king’s words.

They seemed to have decided that the sacrifices in this matter were necessary.
After all, they claimed it was to protect the world. With no Light Mages or
Light Spirits in their kingdom… they had no choice but to call one from outside.

However, that didn’t justify kidnapping people from other countries. There had
to be more peaceful options, but they probably thought they couldn’t afford to
show weakness to the Holy Kingdom, their sworn enemy. In the end, it was about
self-preservation and laziness.

“There were other Light Mages. Why did you specifically target Caroline?”

“P-process of elimination. The first princess is out of the question. The other
is a commoner, but since she’s been chosen as the ‘Saint,’ we can’t touch her
until she fulfills her role. Taking on Foranada, who has risen to fame in recent
years, would be challenging, but she seemed the least risky choice compared to
the other two.”

“To think you ended up stepping on such a massive landmine by process of
elimination… there’s no other word for it but foolish. Did you not know that I
have close ties with that noblewoman?”

“Grr… as if I’d expect you to come charging in alone.”

The king of the Forest Kingdom gritted his teeth, and his assessment was on
point. No matter how skilled an A-rank with a title might be, it’s not normal
for an individual to take on an entire country. Nobody in their right mind would
expect one person to win against a nation.

That’s when it hit me.

I see. All of the Forest Kingdom’s recent maneuvers had been to assist with the
abduction of Caroline. The infiltration of agents, the distribution of ‘Leaf,’
the exposure of dormant spies—recently, the dark side of Foranada had been
overwhelmed with activity. As a result, there had been areas where we couldn’t
cover everything.

When I considered that these events had been deliberately orchestrated, it made
sense. They must have intended to destabilize Foranada’s shadow operations to
increase the success rate of Caroline’s abduction.

Their miscalculation, however, was failing to realize that Foranada remained
rock-solid, even with setbacks. Sure, Foranada’s strength partly depended on the
effectiveness of its covert operations, but it wasn’t wholly reliant on them.

“I understand your motive now. But there’s still one thing that doesn’t add up.”

It was clear that the entire commotion stemmed from the Great Tree’s
abnormality, and they sought Caroline to resolve it. Though infuriating, I could
follow the reasoning.

Yet there was one part that just didn’t make sense.

“Why did you enlist the help of a witch? It’s obvious that the witch is the one
causing harm to the Great Tree.”

“Huh?”

The king’s face twisted in confusion, as if he’d just heard something
unimaginable.

Then, with a trembling voice, he asked.

“A w-witch? What are you talking about? What are you trying to say?”

“Are you serious? Your agents were equipped with cursed items, and ‘Leaf’ is a
witch-made drug.”

“Cursed items? ‘Leaf’? What are you saying? Are you mocking me? All I did was
order the kidnapping of the Light Mage Caroline!”

“…”

Though visibly shaken, he showed no signs of the nervousness typical of someone
lying. It seemed he was telling the truth.

At that moment, a particular witch’s research notes and ultimate goal flashed
through my mind.

Curses amplify human negative emotions, and negative emotions, in turn,
intensify the world’s curse saturation.

In other words, the more chaotic the world becomes, the more curses spread
throughout, and the spread of curses drives the world into further chaos. It’s
the worst kind of cycle.

And the result of that cycle would be—

“…the resurrection of the Demon King.”

I clicked my tongue softly.

It’s clear that the witch involved in this incident was indeed the Witch of the
West. She was the mastermind behind this scheme, aiming to resurrect the Demon
King of the West, and had once been complicit in the attempted murder of Nina.

I was right to take precautions and set up a barrier that countered 【Shadow
Walk】. If I’d skimped and used a standard barrier, she would have escaped by
now.

I would search for the witch’s location later; right now, I needed to deal with
the wretch before me.

It seemed he was unaware of the witch’s presence, perhaps due to misdirection.
But regardless, he had employed spies and targeted Caroline, which was reason
enough for me to act.

I’d already inflicted a physical punishment—not as much as I’d like, but it
would suffice. Now for the mental punishment.

Using mental magic to instill fear would be too simple. So, I’d bring down the
hammer.

Suddenly, the sky lit up. The dark night was split apart, and the half-destroyed
royal capital was bathed in brilliant light.

From the heavens appeared a 【Star】. The massive magical energy mass, the very
namesake of my title, began descending toward the royal capital of the Forest
Kingdom.

Though my goal wasn’t total annihilation this time, I kept it to five blasts.
Skillfully controlling them, I directed them toward the royal castle standing
beside the Great Tree.

The grand castle, adorned in white and green, crumbled under the deafening roar
of destruction. It had stood for centuries, bearing witness to the kingdom’s
long history—yet now, without a shred of mercy, it was reduced to rubble.

“A-ah… aaahhhhhh!?!?”

The king of the Forest Kingdom cried out in near-hysterical agony.

Watching him with cold indifference, I activated a magical transmission device,
ensuring my voice echoed throughout the capital.

“By my magic, the royal castle now lies in ruins. Try pulling any more stunts
against Foranada, and next time, the entire capital will meet the same fate as
your castle!”

After delivering my warning to everyone left in the capital, I leaned in close
to the still-screaming king.

“Oh, and end the plan to use children as spies. If you keep up that kind of
twisted scheme, I swear I’ll raze this country to the ground.”

“!!”

The threat, laced with my intimidation magic, had an overwhelming effect. The
king nodded so violently it looked like his head might come off.

Satisfied with his response, I backed away and rolled my shoulders. Then, I
opened a 【Phase connection】.

“Now, it’s time for the final reckoning.”

I’m sure the look on my face at that moment was one I wouldn’t want anyone else
to see.

<br/>

<br/>

At the northernmost edge of the Forest Kingdom, in a dense forest near the
Empire’s border, a lone woman stood.

With silver-framed glasses and a white lab coat, she was easily identifiable as
some kind of researcher. Her long, dark hair and unnaturally pale skin gave her
a strikingly beautiful appearance.

But that beauty was now marred.

Her eyes darted wildly, and her cheeks were twisted in a frantic grimace. She
was clearly desperate, but this went beyond any ordinary distress.

The woman stood facing the trees on the Empire’s side, casting spells over and
over. Though nothing was visible, waves of magic rippled out from her hands.

“Why… why, why, why, why, why!?!?”

Her voice, tinged with madness, reverberated through the dark forest. The silent
woods, absent even the chirping of insects, trembled under her piercing screams.

She clawed at her long hair in frustration before resuming her relentless
spellcasting.

It wasn’t simple repetition; each time, she made small adjustments to her spell.
Whether these changes were producing the results she wanted was unclear, but her
ability to fine-tune magic with such precision was impressive.

“As expected of the Witch.”

After her scream faded, I let my voice break the returning silence, stepping
forward to reveal myself.

The time for observation was over. There was no need to remain hidden.

The woman in the white coat whipped around, eyes widening in shock. Recognizing
me, she bared her teeth in fury.

“You’re from Foranada!”

“At last, we meet, ‘Witch of the West.’”

Yes. This woman before me was the “Witch of the West” herself. Though the time
to observe had been brief, the pattern of curses she used was familiar, leaving
little room for doubt.

Finally, the one responsible for twisting the fates of Caron and Nina—two
members of my family—was within reach. I felt a surge of satisfaction. I’d let
her escape before, but not this time. I’d cast an entire barrier over the Forest
Kingdom just for this.

That said, haste would be my enemy here. Losing my composure now would only lead
to disaster. I had to stay calm.

“So it was you who set up this barrier! Remove this infernal thing at once!”

The witch made no effort to conceal her rage.

…No, she wasn’t hiding it on purpose. It was a tactic—using the negative emotion
of anger to amplify her curses. A limitless stream of curses emanated from her
body, making her dark hair flow as though caught in a current. The density of
the curses had intensified enough to become almost tangible.

Clearly, the witch hadn’t given up on escaping the barrier. She was trying to
shatter it by increasing the power of her curses.

At the current rate, it seemed she’d need to keep her anger up for years before
she could break free, but there was no need to point that out. Besides, it
wasn’t as if telling her “It’s a pointless effort” would make her stop.

I shrugged my shoulders.

“Fine. I’ll release the barrier.”

“What?”

The witch froze, stunned. Even the curses pouring from her had stopped for a
moment.

Not that I could blame her. She probably made that demand assuming I’d never
agree. When it’s accepted without hesitation, anyone would be taken aback.

But, of course, this didn’t mean she’d get what she wanted.

Within seconds of my announcement, the barrier encompassing the Forest Kingdom
was lifted. Before coming here, I’d arranged with Noma to hand over control of
the barrier to me.

However—

“I can’t teleport!? What did you do this time!?”

As expected, she tried to make a break for it the moment my attention was
diverted by the barrier’s release, attempting to flee with [Shadow Walk].

I had to give her credit for her quick thinking, but it was a futile struggle.
I’d taken down the barrier over the kingdom, but at the same time, I isolated
the area with [Alternate World]. Now, unless she defeated me, there was no
escape.

Realizing her situation, the witch glared at me, her curses rising up around her
as she prepared for battle.

“Die!”

“This is…”

This wasn’t just an insult—it was a curse vocalized with deadly intent, capable
of killing anyone who heard it. I was shielded with mental magic, so it didn’t
affect me, and given the drain on her curse reserves, it wasn’t a technique she
could easily repeat. Still, it was something worth considering for future curse
defenses.

Not letting her moment of weakness go to waste, I fired two [Gunshots] at her
legs, striking them both. No longer able to support her weight, she collapsed
onto the ground.

Without intending to stop I followed up by conjuring several magic blades in
midair and driving them into her outstretched limbs, pinning her to the
earth—deeply, thoroughly skewering her.

“Aaaargh!!!”

Her screams rang out, grating on the ears, but I didn’t hesitate. I was about to
deliver the final blow.

But my opponent wasn’t one to go down quietly.

“Don’t… underestimate… meeee!!”

She activated the intermediate dark magic [Abyss Spike], causing two black
stakes to shoot up from my shadow. The attack came from behind, aiming at my
blind spot.

The sequence of design to manifestation was flawless, and the timing of the
spell was impressively skilled. Against a lesser opponent, it would’ve been
fatal—maybe even wounded Caron and the others.

But, unfortunately, this level of attack wasn’t enough to catch me off guard. At
the level Akatsuki-sensei and I operated, a well-timed sneak attack might as
well be an announcement saying, “I’m going to ambush you now.” Unless it’s
performed unconsciously or with a degree of randomness, it won’t land a hit on
me.

I crushed the [Abyss Spike] with [Compression] and completed my interrupted
finishing move.

Two flashes of light from gunfire pierced the witch’s head and heart.

Her body convulsed briefly and then fell silent.

"..."

After observing for a while, I confirmed there was no movement. My mental magic
could detect no signs of life, so it was safe to assume it was over.

"Well."

I exhaled, gathering my thoughts.

Who exactly was this "Witch of the West"? The alias, along with the real name
revealed by Appraisal, was unfamiliar. In other words, she was a character who
didn’t appear at all in the original game.

Maybe she’d been lurking in the shadows of the story all along. You’d need
someone with power on my level to even notice her schemes, though.

Still, it seemed a bit too unnatural.

Facing her in combat made it clear: the "Witch of the West" was highly skilled.
Her magic was at a level worthy of the history books.

Could someone like that really have stayed hidden in obscurity all this time?
Even if she’d gone out of her way to stay under the radar, it was hard to
believe she was entirely unknown.

“Let’s be thorough.”

I opened my eyes, looking at the witch’s lifeless body sprawled on the ground.

And then I understood.

“Ah, so that’s it.”

I’d suspected it, but having my hunch confirmed was a headache. Honestly, I was
hoping I was just overthinking things.

With a sigh, I cast a spell at her corpse.

“[Break].”

A spell to dispel curses. I forcibly channeled it deep into the witch’s heart.

At first, her body remained still, but soon it began to tremble slightly. Then,
curses started oozing out. A viscous black energy, thick as tar, dripped heavily
from her.

Gradually, that dark energy began to coalesce, forming into a roughly humanoid
shape.

The final form was a humanoid creature with dark skin and horns reminiscent of a
goat. It looked like a muscular adult male, but there was no mistaking it wasn’t
human.

“So demons were working in the shadows this early, huh?”

Demons—a race distinct from the three that inhabit this world. They’re beings
born from the faint energy leaking from the Demon King’s seal, created to serve
the single-minded goal of bringing about the "Demon King’s revival." In the
original game, they frequently appeared to challenge the protagonist, the
saintesses, and heroes.

And it was also the demons who attempted to lure Caron to their side.

Usually, the demons act on their own to advance the Demon King’s revival,
whether by scheming in secret or by direct combat.

But there was one exception: Caron. The demon that attempted to tempt her didn’t
act directly. Instead, it possessed her, stoking the darkness in her heart in an
attempt to break the Demon King’s seal.

In other words, the power that had fueled the "Witch of the West" came from a
possessing demon. Most likely, the demon had selected someone with potential
from within the Demon King Cult to use as a host. That would explain her sudden
surge in power and why she’d remained unknown.

This demon seemed to be different from the one that had targeted Caron, but I
hadn’t expected there to be more of this type.

At first glance, it might seem efficient for demons to hide within humans, but
in practice, it’s the opposite.

Stirring up a person's inner darkness only amplifies emotions that already
exist, to a limited extent. And for high-level warriors who’ve mastered
themselves, most can control their inner darkness, making it nearly impossible
for a demon to infiltrate.

Possession only enhances the host by about 10 levels, if you were to put it in
game terms. Since all demons are around level 60, possessing someone generally
makes them weaker.

During possession, they can't even use their own abilities, so it’s mostly just
a disadvantage—apart from the hiding aspect.

Still, there are exceptions, like Caron in the original game. Despite reaching a
high level, she failed to master her own heart, making her vulnerable to a
demon’s temptations.

Tch. Seeing a possessing demon like this reminds me of Caron’s condemnation
scene in the game. Even though she’s a different person from my sister in real
life, it’s still sickening.

I need to focus. Right now, my priority is dealing with this demon in front of
me. I should consider it fortunate to be able to eliminate one here and now.

“What are you—?”

“[Compress Cube].”

As the demon began to speak, I activated my spell, this time amping up the power
just to be safe.

A cube-shaped barrier surrounded the demon, and then compression magic from all
sides crushed it instantly to a speck smaller than a grain of rice.

It’s best to take out anyone who uses the complicated method of possession
quickly. These types tend to pull unpredictable moves if given the slightest
opening. While they could be valuable sources of information, there's no need to
take unnecessary risks.

With the demon's presence now gone, I finally let out a sigh of relief.

At last, this complex series of events had reached its conclusion.
