# Chapter 3: Conditions for Survival

The night after it was decided that I would join the struggling ‘Magical Piece’
club, a certain piece of information reached me.

“Is that true?”

“There is no mistake.”

The news was so shocking that I couldn’t help but ask Shion, who had come to
report to me, to confirm it again. But her answer didn’t change.

Since she was so certain, I had no choice but to accept reality. I sighed and
focused on assessing the situation.

“Sorry to interrupt you. Please continue your report.”

“Understood.”

Shion gave a respectful bow before continuing her report in a calm, measured
tone.

“The two attacks I mentioned earlier occurred simultaneously twelve minutes ago.
The locations were at the farthest western and eastern borders of the territory.
The knights present at each location managed to subdue the attackers after
approximately ten minutes of combat.”

“The fight took longer than I expected, but… Ah, it was that trick, wasn’t it?”

“Yes. Several of the attackers exploded mid-battle, so the knights had to switch
their tactics. That delay accounts for the longer combat duration.”

“How many attackers were there, and how many knights were fighting?”

“There were ten attackers at each location, with one knight opposing them.”

“I see.”

It seems we’ll need to revise our tactics. I can probably shave off a few more
minutes.

As I began to brainstorm potential improvements, I turned to the biggest issue
at hand.

“And… among the attackers was a candidate to be the next head of the Sawaid
family, right?”

“Exactly.”

Indeed. The attackers this time belonged to the Sawaid family’s covert forces.
And to make matters worse, one of the two the candidates currently locked in a
succession battle were among them.

At first, I thought it had to be a joke, but it wasn’t. It was giving me a
headache.

I’d been briefed on the succession conflict by Viscount Sawaid. I also knew that
they might approach Foranada soon.

Still, I hadn’t anticipated this outcome. I didn’t expect the central figures of
the conflict to make a move so quickly. Isn’t it normal for a commander to
remain at the rear?

One of the successors was supposed to be aligned with Foranada, too. How did
things escalate to an attack?

At this point, nothing made any sense.

“What’s the progress on the interrogation?”

“Given who they are, it’s going to take some time. After all, they’re trained
spies.”

“We’re already starting to be short-handed, and now we have this to deal with.
Wouldn’t it have been easier if they had just exploded?”

“If that had happened, it would’ve caused different problems.”

“True.”

From the moment they made such a reckless move, complications were inevitable.

As I sighed, Shion spoke, slightly exasperated.

“To be honest, Zex-sama, you’re the only one capable of removing the explosive
runes etched into their bodies. Capturing them alive will surely send shockwaves
through the royal court.”

“I couldn’t let them kill you with those explosions, Shion. For someone as
important as you, I’m willing to take on this kind of risk.”

Naturally, Shion had also been branded with the Sawaid family’s explosive rune.
Since it could be triggered remotely, I analyzed and removed it as soon as she
joined us. Luckily, because the mark was magic-based, it was relatively easy to
erase.

“Z-Zex-sama…”

Shion, clearly embarrassed by my direct statement, couldn’t maintain her usual
cool demeanor. Her cheeks flushed red, and she bit her lip in a display of
uncharacteristic shyness.

She’s always weak to this kind of directness. It’s one of the things that makes
her so endearing.

Still flustered, Shion quickly regained her composure, lightly patting both her
cheeks before straightening her posture and resuming her report with a more
serious tone.

“Ahem. Let me continue with what we’ve confirmed so far. First, it’s safe to say
that this attack was carried out as part of the ongoing succession conflict
within the Sawaid family. For them, Foranada, with its superior intelligence
agents, was a major thorn in their side. How we deal with this matter seemed to
have become the focal point of the next generation's leadership.”

“What a nuisance. If they had just left us alone, we wouldn’t have made any
moves on them.”

“I completely agree.”

Shion nodded in agreement with my frown but quickly followed up with a
“However…”

“Knowing the inner workings of their family, I can’t say I’m surprised. They’ve
built their status solely on their espionage skills, so their pride is
incredibly high. If that pride surpassed their loyalty to the royal family, then
this move was inevitable.”

“I see.”

It’s not wrong to take pride in one’s abilities. That kind of pride can foster
confidence and motivation.

But when pride grows too large and turns into arrogance, it becomes dangerous.
Overinflated pride only leads to ruin.

This whole incident was just another step toward the Sawaid family’s eventual
downfall.

“For now, draft a formal protest to the Sawaid family. Also, prepare a summary
of what we intend to demand from them.”

“As you wish. I will take my leave now.”

Shion gave a graceful bow before excusing herself.

I was left alone in the room.

“What will become of the Sawaid family?”

The fact that one of the two candidates for the family’s succession invaded
another territory was serious. Collective punishment and the dismantling of
their house seemed almost certain. Then again, considering the value of their
espionage skills to the royal family, it might be more advantageous to keep the
family intact and earn their gratitude. We’d need a capable intelligence
division for future operations in Wiemlay.

In that case, executing the head of the family and any close relatives would
suffice. We could install a branch elf family as the new heads of the Sawaid
house and reform their intelligence unit. That plan wouldn’t affect Shion since
she’s not officially recognized as part of the Sawaid family.

Thanks to the foolish actions of the succession candidates, the Sawaid issue has
been resolved sooner than I expected. They probably acted out of desperation,
but in that regard, I should at least be grateful for their idiocy.

---

After completing the paperwork to join the underdog Magical Piece Club, we
headed to its clubroom.

As always, the rundown prefab building felt cramped with all eight members
gathered. And with Shion and the other servants joining in, even a slight
movement would have us bumping elbows.

In the midst of this, the club president, Laurel, was skipping around the room,
humming happily.

“It’s been so long since this clubroom’s been full! It’s such a relief not to
have to worry about the club being shut down anymore.”

From what I’d heard, they barely managed to keep five members last year, so her
reaction was understandable.

However, as much as I hated to burst her bubble, I had some bad news to share.

“We’re not out of the woods yet. The threat of disbandment still looms.”

“Huh?”

Laurel froze, her voice trailing off in confusion. She didn’t immediately grasp
what I meant, tilting her head in bewilderment.

But after a few seconds, her brain seemed to catch up, and she pushed her way
through the overcrowded room to confront me.

“W-what do you mean!?”

Clearly blindsided, her eyes spun with panic as she questioned me.

“Don’t you know the conditions for keeping a club active?”

“...Isn’t it just about getting enough members?”

“No, it’s not.”

I sighed in exasperation. Despite being the president, Laurel clearly hadn’t
bothered to read the school’s club regulations properly.

Since the conversation wasn’t going anywhere, I had no choice but to explain it
to her carefully.

The condition for a club’s survival, according to the school rules, was pretty
straightforward. As Laurel had mentioned, having five members was the bare
minimum for a club to be recognized.

But there was an additional stipulation.

“If a club manages to gather enough members by the end of the trial period, it
must also demonstrate its competence to the academy. In other words, if we don’t
show some kind of achievement, the club will still be disbanded.”

“Wh-what?!”

Laurel collapsed in an exaggerated manner.

The rule was probably in place to weed out clubs that just coast along without
doing anything. If a club couldn’t maintain its numbers, it was assumed to be
dysfunctional.

Judging by the state of things, it didn’t seem like they had any noteworthy
achievements to present to the academy. Not that I had been expecting much.

“D-does that mean we’re going to be shut down?” Yurika asked nervously.

I shrugged.

“If we don’t do anything, yeah, we’re done for.”

"Oh no..."

Yurika's eyes filled with tears.

I couldn’t quite understand why she was so attached to this club... but now
wasn’t the time to ask.

Looking at the two who were now slumped in despair, I spoke to lift their
spirits.

"If we don’t have any achievements, we’ll just have to make some. Luckily, we
still have time before the club gets shut down."

"How long do we have?"

"One month from the end of the trial period—until the end of July," I answered
Caron's question.

Hearing that, Minerva furrowed her brows.

"Only a month and a half left? What can a weak club like this possibly achieve
in such a short time?"

I expected that question.

With a grin, I lifted the corner of my mouth.

"Isn't it obvious? This is the Magical Piece Club, after all. We just need to
win the game. And not just any game—we’ll beat the top club’s top team.”

<br/>

<br/>

"Th-That’s absurd. No matter how you look at it, challenging the top team is
just too reckless, ain’t it?"

The first to respond to my statement was Laurel, the club president.

At first glance, it did seem outrageous for our first-year club to go up against
the academy’s top team. It was like amateurs challenging professionals.

But in reality, the situation was quite different.

It seemed like Laurel didn’t know much about who we really were. She probably
only heard from Yurika that we had potential members and that we were nobles,
but nothing more.

She voiced her concerns, looking perplexed.

"Besides, I don’t think the other side would even agree to the match."

True enough, if the game didn’t happen, it wouldn’t matter whether we could win
or not. Normally, the top club wouldn’t accept a challenge from a bottom-tier
team.

However, I was confident that wouldn’t be an issue.

Rather than explaining it all, it’d be faster to just show them.

"Well, whether it’s reckless or not, we’ll find out once we try."

"Huh? Wait, you mean we’re going now!?"

Laurel, dumbfounded for a moment, raised her voice in surprise when she saw us
preparing to leave the room.

Of course we were. The sooner, the better.

"Come on, President, Yurika, if you don’t hurry up, we’re leaving without you."

"W-Wait for us, please!"

"W-Wait, are you serious!?"

Ignoring the two as they scrambled to their feet, Caron and I confidently made
our way toward the top club’s room.

"The gap is massive..."

"Well, that was expected."

"Comparing the top with the bottom... it’s kinda sad, isn’t it?"

"A harsh reality."

"Ahaha... B-but I think that little shack has its own charm, you know?"

"Y-yeah, I think so too, Yurika!"

"No need to sugarcoat it. It just makes it feel worse."

When Caron and the others arrived at the top club’s room, they each voiced their
honest thoughts.

I couldn’t blame them. The building in front of us was practically a mansion. It
looked like the kind of grand estate a merchant working for a lord might live
in. As they said, the difference between our club and theirs was so stark, it
was almost painful.

Well, considering that the top club had plenty of nobles, it made sense their
facilities would be luxurious. They had support from their noble families, so it
wasn’t just a matter of skill.

"We’ll draw attention if we stand here forever. Let’s go."

I urged the others—mainly Laurel and Yurika, who were standing there in a
daze—and stepped into the grand mansion.

The lavish exterior wasn’t just for show; the interior was equally impressive.
The spacious entrance hall was dazzling, radiating the kind of grandeur you'd
expect from a noble’s home.

As the top club, the entrance was crowded with people. Even accounting for that,
the number of people was overwhelming. The place was packed to the point where
"cramped" was the only way to describe it.

I placed a hand on my forehead.

"There are more people than I thought."

Most of them seemed to be first-years, likely prospective members eager to join.
I had completely forgotten it was that time of year.

Cutting through this crowd was going to be a hassle. I wasn’t too concerned for
myself, but I wanted to avoid Caron and the others getting mixed up with so many
strangers.

"Zex-sama, shall I go to the reception desk?"

Just as I was trying to figure out what to do, Shion immediately offered to
help. Given her stealth abilities, she’d have no problem slipping through the
crowd.

"Can I count on you? We’ll... wait over there."

"Understood."

With that, Shion vanished like a mirage. Impressive—she’d completely erased her
presence.

I turned back to Caron and the others, who had been waiting behind me. Laurel
and Yurika were wide-eyed, but I decided not to dwell on it.

"We’ll wait over there. Shion will handle the rest."

There were a few lounge areas set up along the edges of the entrance. One of
them happened to be free, so we took the opportunity to sit down.

No one had any objections, so we sat at the lounge area.

As the noisy crowd buzzed around us, we engaged in light conversation. Laurel
and Yurika seemed a bit restless, probably uncomfortable with the lavish
surroundings, but aside from that, everything was fine—at least for the first
five minutes.

Given how conspicuous we were, it wasn’t long before some troublemakers
appeared. Five men with sleazy grins on their faces approached us.

"Well, well. What’s a loser like Laurel doing in the top club’s room?"

I had braced myself for some insults, but it turned out I wasn’t their target.
They had directed their comment at Laurel.

Looking closely, it seemed these guys were third-years, just like Laurel, and
familiar with her. Judging by their mannerisms, they appeared to be commoners.

I couldn’t help but be impressed by their audacity, messing with her so boldly
while she was standing near nobles. Judging by their demeanor, they were likely
top-tier members within the club, their inflated egos fueling their arrogance.

They directed their words solely at Laurel.

"No way a loser like you from Class D is getting into the top club."

"Just stay in your bottom-tier club and rot."

"Exactly. It’s bad enough you’re trying to play a Magical Piece with your lack
of talent."

"No, no, you’ve got it wrong. This girl’s never even had any real practice.
After all, the bottom-tier clubs never get a chance to use the training
grounds."

"Hahaha! Three years in Magical Piece and you’ve never even played a real game?
What a failure!"

Their harsh jeers were all aimed at Laurel.

She didn’t respond. Her hands clenched tightly around her skirt, her head
hanging low in frustration. It was no wonder they were piling on her—she was
making herself an easy target.

This was unexpected. Laurel had always seemed tough, so I figured she’d fire
back at them with rapid insults. But it seemed she had a complex about her
abilities.

Since she wasn’t going to say anything, it was up to me. I wasn’t about to stand
by and let this go on.

"That’s enough. She’s with us."

"Huh?"

"Hey, cut it out. The guy’s a noble from outside the club."

"Tch."

One of them shot me a defiant glare for a moment, but the others pulled him
back. Though they looked annoyed, they quietly backed off.

As they left, the defiant one muttered something under his breath—something like
"worthless nobodies"—but it was too quiet to bother responding to.

At least, that’s what I thought—until...

"AAAGHHH!"

The guy was suddenly engulfed in flames. A ball of fire, likely from a basic
fire spell, had ignited at his feet.

It wasn’t hard to figure out who cast it, just by following the flow of magic.

"Minerva."

"What?"

When I called her name, she responded with an irritated tone.

"I appreciate you stepping in for me, but that was a bit much."

The flames had already been extinguished, being a lower-level spell. However,
the guy’s hair was completely gone, and his clothes were charred beyond
recognition. His friends were scrambling to cover him with their jackets.

Despite my troubled expression, Minerva just scoffed, showing no signs of
remorse.

"It was a fitting punishment. In fact, considering he insulted a noble, he
should be grateful that’s all he got."

"But—"

"No buts. I’ve told you before—you’re far too soft. If you don’t push back when
you need to, you’ll end up regretting it when it matters most."

She had mentioned this to me before, and I couldn’t deny she had a point.

It was a clear flaw of mine. My desire to avoid unnecessary conflict often made
me hold back. If I kept this up, I was bound to face the consequences, just as
Minerva warned.

"I’ll be more careful.”

That was all I could manage to say for now. It’s a bad habit that won’t be easy
to fix, and giving a simple response would have felt disingenuous.

Before long, the commotion had drawn the attention of the club's upper
management, who hurried over to the scene. Naturally, we were also questioned
about what had just happened.

It seemed like it would take a bit longer to get the match set up.

<br/>

<br/>

At the back of the grand clubhouse of the Top Club, we were led to the most
luxurious room. The furniture was all top-tier, and the elegance of the room was
hard to believe, considering it was just part of a club’s facility.

"I sincerely apologize for the rudeness of my members."

Inside the room, the club president, Jet, was already waiting for us. The first
thing he did was apologize, bowing deeply. His demeanor was in stark contrast to
the arrogance he displayed during the tour, leaving all of us surprised.

For now, I asked him to raise his head. We wouldn't get anywhere if he stayed
like that.

"Please, raise your head. The matter has already been dealt with. There's no
need for excessive apologies."

"Thank you for your magnanimity."

"…You’re acting quite differently compared to yesterday."

I couldn’t help but point out the striking difference in his behavior.

Jet gave a small, wry smile.

"Recognizing one's own superiority and acknowledging there are those greater
than oneself—these are not necessarily contradictory."

Jet seemed to be more of a thoughtful person than I had imagined. He neither
underestimated nor overestimated his abilities, viewing himself simply as
someone competent. While that might come across as arrogant, it seemed he could
still accept that there were those above him.

Hmm, who does this remind me of…?

"Oh."

My eyes caught a glimpse of Minerva in the corner of the room.

That's right—Minerva had a similar mindset. She, too, had absolute confidence in
herself, yet possessed the grace to recognize someone superior. Unlike Jet, she
wasn’t as full of herself, but the core of their personalities was quite
similar. …Though if she heard me say that, I’m sure she’d vehemently deny it.

While I was lost in thought, Minerva spoke up.

"Still, aren’t your club members a bit too disrespectful? Normally, no one would
act like that in front of a noble—especially not the current head of a
household."

Clearly recalling the earlier incident, she spat her words with genuine
displeasure.

Her attitude made it clear she was genuinely concerned for me, and that warmed
my heart. Minerva might not be the most straightforward person, but in moments
like this, she couldn’t completely hide her true feelings.

Jet, looking apologetic, bowed his head again, though only slightly this time.

"I deeply regret what happened. In our club, we emphasize a merit-based system
and strictly prohibit the use of authority based on status. As you know, Magical
Piece is a game that heavily reflects the player’s skill."

"We’re outsiders, though."

"It may sound like an excuse, but perhaps because we were inside the clubhouse,
their awareness of that boundary became lax."

So it was due to the internal atmosphere of the club. I didn’t intend to
criticize the rules that the members had accepted, but the fact that it caused
issues outside of the club was a significant problem.

Jet seemed to pick up on my thoughts from my expression. With a troubled look,
he continued.

"I understand without needing to be told. After what happened, it’s clear we
can’t continue with the same system. I’ll come up with a solution quickly."

"As long as it doesn’t cause us any more trouble, you’re free to do as you
like."

The moment I said that, Minerva hit me in the ribs with her elbow. Even though I
constantly had _Body Enhancement_ active, pain was still pain.

When I glanced at her, she was glaring at me with half-lidded eyes.

"Though that’s what _he_ says, once you come up with a plan, be sure to send us
the details. We’ll decide whether it’s acceptable or not.”

"Yes, please do that. It’s almost too lenient as punishment for this incident."

"Exactly."

For some reason, a conversation between Minerva and Jet seemed to be progressing
on its own.

It looked like my bad habit had resurfaced again. Apparently, I should have
pressed harder in this situation.

"Now then. Let’s get to the main topic," Jet said, having finished discussing
details with Minerva.

"It involves Laurel-san, doesn’t it?"

"Y-You know about us?!"

Laurel's eyes widened in shock when Jett suddenly brought it up.

In response, Jet nodded nonchalantly.

"I make it a point to remember the faces and names of everyone involved with
_Magical Piece_ at the academy. As the president of a top club, I might
eventually have to interact with them, so it’s only natural for me to remember.
It’s a piece of cake for me."

"I-I see."

Laurel nodded with a dazed expression.

He spoke casually, but considering the thousands of people involved with
_Magical Piece_ at the academy, remembering all that information was no small
feat. It was clear that this man was a narcissist with the abilities to back it
up.

"I gather you wish to hold a match with our club to build a record and avoid
disbandment. Is that correct, Count Foranada?"

"That’s right. We came to propose a match with your club. Will you accept?"

If he had seen through our intentions, there was no need for lengthy
negotiations. I decided to cut straight to the chase.

Jet placed a hand over his mouth, momentarily hesitating. However, he soon
spoke.

"That’s fine. However, there are three conditions."

"Please, tell me."

It was safe to say that there were no benefits for the Top Club in agreeing to
the match. Therefore, it was within my expectations that they would present
conditions.

Jet raised one finger.

"First, Count Foranada, I would like you to refrain from participating as a
player."

"Oh?"

I was somewhat surprised that the first condition was my assurance of
non-participation. Moreover, I could see fear in his eyes—he clearly harbored a
sense of apprehension towards me.

Jet spoke earnestly.

"I had heard various rumors about you, but having met you in person, I’ve come
to understand the truth. No one can defeat you. If you participate, the balance
of the game will collapse. I want to avoid a match where the outcome is already
predetermined."

Truly, this man is impressive.

The ability to gauge the strength of others requires significant talent. Even
the former "Sword Saint" couldn’t see through my abilities, and I still heavily
rely on _Appraisal_ for understanding my own strength. Additionally, when it
comes to me, the assumption that "colorless can’t use magic" complicates things.

Jet, who can trust his own eyes without being swayed by preconceptions,
undoubtedly possesses remarkable talent. If he weren’t the next heir, I would
have considered recruiting him to my territory.

I nodded calmly.

"That's fine. I'll take on a supporting role."

"Thank you."

"And what are the remaining two conditions?"

Upon my prompt, Jet raised a second finger.

"The second condition is that we would like to choose three players from your
side."

"Huh?! What do you mean?!"

Laurel, who had been silent until now, let out an incredulous shout.

That was a perfectly reasonable reaction. They were asking to choose half of the
enemy team's members. It was only natural to question such an outrageous
request.

However, I didn’t believe Jet would make an unreasonable proposal without good
reason. I calmed the fiery Laurel and urged him to continue.

"If you have specific players in mind, I’d like to know them now."

"Along with Laurel-san, I’d like your two other players."

Jet indicated Yurika and Marina.

This selection… I see.

I understood immediately.

"You considered the outcome of yesterday's mock battle, didn’t you?"

Jet seemed to realize that if they selected players only from Caron’s team,
there would be no chance of victory. Therefore, he intended to fix three players
with general abilities to maintain the game balance.

Well, even if two from Caron's side were allowed to participate, it would still
be quite advantageous.

Jet nodded at my words.

"Yes. If possible, I would prefer it if Caroline-san and the others did not
participate in their main roles, but I won’t be so selfish as to insist on
that."

"No, that's fine. The three you select will be restricted to their non-main
roles."

"Is that acceptable?"

"Ah, it’s necessary to provide that handicap."

For example, if Caron participated as a "Red Mage," just her casting wide-area
spells would end the game immediately. That would be far too bland. Even though
the survival of the club is at stake, there's no real danger to our lives. This
level of concession should be acceptable.

Well, Laurel, as the club president, looked like she wanted to complain, but I
figured that if we newcomers could shine, it wouldn’t be a bad outcome for her
either.

"The last condition is that we would like to set the date for the match. Of
course, we will adjust it to fit your club’s disbandment deadline."

"That’s fine."

After all, they are a top club. They must have various scheduling conflicts to
manage. It’s only natural for our relatively free club to accommodate them.
Besides, as a small club, we wouldn't be able to reserve a stage anyway, so we
have no choice but to leave it to them.

"Then it's settled. I will send you the details and schedule at a later date, so
thank you for your cooperation."

"Likewise, thank you."

We stood up and shook hands.

We had taken what could be considered the first step toward the survival of our
club, and it had gone off relatively smoothly.

<br/>

<br/>

“Are you advancing the conversation without me!?”

As soon as we returned to the dilapidated clubroom, Laurel confronted me
angrily.

I shrugged in response.

“I apologize for leaving you out, but I believe we had no choice but to accept
the conditions.”

Indeed, it wasn’t ideal to exclude the club president from the discussion.

However, having her there wouldn’t have made much difference this time. In fact,
it could have even hindered the progress of the conversation. Thus, I acted
independently.

Laurel’s anger didn’t subside even after hearing my explanation.

“I’ve said from the beginning that we opposed a match against a top club! There
were other ways to achieve results!”

“No, there weren’t.”

“...”

I answered Laurel immediately, her fiery demeanor faltering as she fell silent,
taken aback by my bluntness.

“If we’re simply looking to have a match, we could easily play against a
mid-level club. If you prioritize achieving results, even a brief training camp
would suffice.”

“Then—”

Laurel attempted to follow up on my agreement, but I raised my hand to halt her,
continuing with, “But…”

“Such a minor achievement wouldn’t guarantee the club’s survival. Especially
with the current student council president being that kind of person.”

Just recently, the student council presidency was passed to Princess Ariarnorth.
If she acts according to the original game's plot, her first course of action
would be to cut club budgets. She would aim to reduce the numerous bloated clubs
and use the savings to fund new initiatives.

And our weak Magical Piece Club would certainly be among those targeted for
elimination. It’s only natural, given our precarious situation.

I seriously doubted that a club on the verge of disbandment would be allowed to
continue, even if they managed to achieve a modest amount of results, especially
considering Ariarnorth's rationalist nature. Therefore, to avoid disbandment, we
needed to achieve something significantly impressive.

However, since the budget cuts were merely rumors at this point, I prefaced my
explanation with that clarification.

As I spoke, Laurel gradually lost her earlier fervor and sank to all fours.

“You’re kidding… If club reductions are implemented, we’d be the first to go.”

“I’m glad you understand the current situation. So let’s discuss how we’ll
approach the match against the top club.”

I spread out the prepared role cards on the pipe table in the center of the
clubroom.

As the name suggests, the role cards are magical tools shaped like playing
cards. They have a simple design, each marked with colors and patterns
corresponding to their respective roles.

Five cards depicting a red staff, a blue star, a purple crescent moon, a green
sword, and a brown shield lay on the table, capturing everyone’s attention.

Laurel gasped in astonishment.

“Those are role cards, aren’t they!? Where on earth did you get them?”

“Since we’re a Magical Piece Club and have none of the related equipment, I
prepared them on my own.”

Not only had they never had a match before, but the decision to disband also
seemed reasonable. Well, I would cooperate this time, though.

“First, let’s decide the roles for the three participants we’ve already
confirmed.”

The choice of the remaining two players would depend on the leftover role cards.
I wanted to settle this quickly since we also needed to decide on the training
approach for the three.

Surprisingly, the first to raise her hand was Yurika.

“I’d like to be a ‘Green Mage.’ My specialty is close combat using my legs…”

She seemed to understand her own strengths. Although she had been trembling in
silence until now, she could express her opinion when it mattered. What a
hard-to-read girl she was.

Since there were no objections, we accepted Yurika’s request. I handed her the
card depicting a “green sword” that was on the table.

“With that, the green role is settled. What about the other two?”

I turned to Laurel and Marina, who both showed expressions of deep thought.

Come on, Marina I can understand, but why is Laurel struggling to decide?

With a look of exasperation, I decided to determine Marina’s role card first.

“Given Marina’s abilities, I think either blue or purple would be best.”

As I spoke, Minerva immediately challenged my suggestion.

“How about blue? The range is a bit short, so you’d have to move around quite a
bit. Plus, you’d need to choose spells based on the situation, which might be
difficult for a beginner.”

She had a point. The “Blue Mage,” responsible for buffs, requires a high degree
of adaptability. Additionally, it has the shortest range among backline roles,
meaning it demands more mobility. For someone like Marina, with little combat
experience and low proficiency in Physical Enhancement, this might be a bit too
challenging.

“I think red could also be an option, like in yesterday’s match,” Orca chimed
in, presenting a different perspective from mine.

Indeed, a “Red Mage,” serving as a long-range artillery unit, wouldn’t require
the two concerning factors. While it’s hard to claim that Marina’s offensive
capabilities are suitable, considering other aspects, it’s worth contemplating.

I see. So yesterday’s roles were arranged with those points in mind.

In terms of tactics, Orca might be more knowledgeable than I was as the creator.
I found myself impressed and decided to ask Marina for her preference.

“Do you have any preferences, Marina?”

“Um, um…”

Still socially awkward around me, she took a moment to gather her words.

“Um, the ‘Purple Mage’ deals with debuffs, right? That kind of magic is still
difficult for me, so I think I’d prefer being a ‘Red Mage.’”

“Alright, then let’s go with red. Here you go.”

“Oh, thank you!”

As I handed her the “red staff” card, Marina responded with a stiff salute. She
was so rigid.

I couldn’t help but chuckle as I turned my attention back to Laurel, who was
still deep in thought.

“Still can’t decide?”

“D-Don’t rush me! I’m just a failure, so I don’t have confidence in any of the
roles…”

“Then at least decide whether or not you want to be a magic user. I can adjust
everything else from there.”

“If that’s the case, I’ll go with being a magic user. I can’t do close combat.”

“Got it.”

That means Laurel will be either a “Blue Mage” or a “Purple Mage,” leaving the
“Brown Mage” slot open.

“Can either Caron or Minerva take the Brown Mage role?”

After a moment of consideration, I directed my question at the two.

Due to my agreement with Jet, anyone other than the three already chosen cannot
take their primary roles.

So Nina is out of the question. While he isn't a primary, Orca can also provide
intricate defenses using earth magic, which excludes him as well. Therefore,
only two remain.

Well, it’s almost a sure bet that Caron will take it.

“Yes, I’ll take it! I’ll show you I can be useful to Onii-sama!”

Yeah, just as I expected.

For a moment, I locked eyes with Minerva.

She shrugged, as if to say, “It can’t be helped.” In response, I couldn’t help
but smile wryly.

“Thanks, Caron.”

“Leave it to me!”

With my words, Caron seemed even more motivated.

I have no worries about Caron. Among the backline roles, she’s the best at
handling Physical Enhancement. The choice of weapon will require some thought,
but I’ll set that aside for now.

“I’m pretty much the leftover.”

As Caron enthusiastically raised her fist, Nina spoke up to me.

This is elimination by process of deduction. Just like Caron being chosen as the
“Brown Mage,” the only remaining candidate for a magic role is Nina, since she’s
not specialized.

We can’t finalize Nina’s role until Laurel’s is decided, but that’s not a big
issue. While Nina is among those who struggle with magic, she still possesses a
high level of skill. She shouldn’t be confused at this stage over the difference
between providing buff spells and debuffs.

I clapped my hands together.

“Alright! With this, we have our roles settled for now. All that’s left is
training for the match. Let’s get pumped up!”

““Yeah!””

“W-What?!”

“Wait, why are you leaving me, the captain, out of this!?”

While Caron and Marina eagerly joined in my call, the remaining two seemed
disjointed.

<br/>

<br/>

…It might be best to start by getting everyone in sync first.
