# Chapter 6: Dreams are fleeting

It was the day of the match against the top club. The venue was the largest
stage in the academy, the same one we had visited during our tour of the top
club, designed for long games.

Before the match, we gathered in the spacious lobby of the venue to exchange
greetings with the opposing team. However, while we were fully represented, they
had only their starting players and a handful of substitutes.

This was to be expected. For a top club, the number of members is substantial.
Even with some cutbacks, they still have nearly a hundred members, making it
impossible to gather everyone in one place.

The club captain and top player, Jet, approached us with a pompous smile. His
confident stride exuded self-assurance.

While it was fine to carry oneself with such lofty ambition, I wished he would
show a bit more restraint. Caron, who despises this kind of personality, was
visibly irritated.

Since it seemed he was genuinely acting that way, there was no point in trying
to rein him in. Caron was managing to keep her frustration in check for now, so
it was best to quickly finish the greetings before she exploded.

As Jet drew closer, he offered a noble's bow.

“Good day, Baron Foranada. Thank you for having us today.”

He extended his right hand, and I returned the gesture, shaking his hand.

“Good day, Jet. I appreciate you taking the time out of your busy schedule for
this match.”

“Not at all. It's a rare opportunity to compete against a team directed by the
creator of Magical Piece. I’m grateful you invited us to this match.”

As Jet released my hand, many around us were taken aback by his statement. In
fact, everyone except the Foranada members focused their shocked gazes on me.

From this reaction, it seemed Jet hadn’t shared this information with his
teammates. I couldn’t criticize him too harshly, though.

I shrugged my shoulders.

“Guess you knew after all.”

“Of course. Anyone who loves this game would look up the creator. You weren’t
exactly hiding it either, so with a little effort, it would be easy to discover
the creator's name.”

As he said, I hadn’t concealed the fact that Noma and I were the creators of
Magical Piece. I doubted this revelation would significantly affect the match,
and it was more effort than I wanted to expend to keep it under wraps.

However, I hadn’t spread the word either. Only the people from Foranada Castle,
Wiemlay, the academy director, and a few others were aware.

It wouldn’t be a trivial task for someone outside that circle to pick up this
information. In fact, none of the other top club members who devoted their youth
to Magical Piece seemed to know who I was.

Even though I had anticipated this outcome, I couldn’t help but feel that this
guy was quite impressive.

His ability to assess his own strength and that of others, along with his
information-gathering skills, were excellent. Moreover, his leadership
capabilities shone through. With just that one remark, he had boosted the morale
of his team.

When we first met, the morale of Jet’s teammates had been low. They probably
weren’t feeling motivated, given they were up against a bottom-tier club.

By delivering a crucial piece of information at just the right moment, he had
completely turned their spirits around. It was a testament to his keen
understanding of dynamics.

Unfortunately, it also highlighted his less-than-desirable personality traits.
But with such capabilities, it wasn’t surprising that he thought that way.

After finishing his greeting with me, he turned his attention to Laurel.

“Laurel-san, while we both bear significant responsibilities as captains, let’s
ensure we have no regrets in today’s match.”

He said that cheerfully and exchanged a handshake.

Laurel responded with a bright smile, “Y-yes! Let’s both do our best!”

This guy, despite being a narcissist, seems to read the room well.

Considering the difference in status and experience, I had been guiding him this
far, but the true captain of the club was Laurel. Jet was simply acknowledging
her.

“Ha, with my level of skill, I can always bring out a hundred percent of my
power. Just be careful not to get lost in my graceful movements during the
match.”

I wondered why his personality had to be so disappointing. If he really could
read the atmosphere, he shouldn’t be making comments like that.

“Calm down, Caron. I know you’re irritated, but now is not the time to lash
out.”

After this exchange, the match for Magical Piece was finally set to begin. The
players took their positions, and we, the spectators, moved to our seats.

“Hey, Zex.”

As Orca, Minerva, and I arrived at the spectator seats, we found a familiar face
waiting for us.

Waving lightly in greeting was none other than Prince Wiemlay, the first prince
of the kingdom.

Surprisingly, we three didn’t react with shock at his sudden appearance—after
all, we were a group well-versed in magic. His presence had been detected
through our scouting magic beforehand.

By the way, the members of the top club were seated away from us, so they
remained unaware of Wiemlay’s presence. If they had known, it would have
undoubtedly caused chaos.

After exchanging proper greetings among the three of us, I sighed and asked,
“What brings you here, Wiemlay?”

“Ever since I heard about today’s match, I’ve been eager to watch it. I asked
the academy director for special permission to be here,” he replied.

“I see you have guards with you, so I can’t complain, but you should’ve let me
know beforehand if you were coming.”

Two knights from Faebern stood on either side of him. They tried to bow deeply,
as always, but they were more than capable fighters. Since the academy director
had given permission, I couldn’t really say anything against it.

Still, it was a bit troublesome to be visited without prior notice. We needed to
be prepared on our end as well.

“I’ll be more careful next time,” he assured.

“Please do.”

As I brushed off Wiemlay’s overly casual response, I took a seat next to him.
One of his guards discreetly shifted to another position.

Orca and Minerva, though feeling a bit awkward around Wiemlay, each took a seat
next to me.

After a brief pause, Wiemlay opened his mouth again.

“While this is mostly for my personal enjoyment, it’s also part of my duties.”

“Duties? Are you planning something related to Magical Piece?” I asked.

“I’m considering commercializing it,” he said.

“Wait, seriously?”

I widened my eyes in surprise.

I had previously joked that a professional league might be established, but I
never thought I’d see such a prospect materialize so quickly.

Wiemlay chuckled at my astonished reaction.

“Is it really that surprising? Considering the popularity of Magical Piece at
the academy, I think it’s a very feasible plan.”

“That might be true, but… isn’t it a bit early?”

“That just shows how popular it is. There are even requests from graduates to
establish places outside the academy where they can play Magical Piece.”

“Seriously?”

Was Magical Piece that popular? As a creator, I should be proud of such a
situation, but it felt a bit surreal.

“So, this visit is to scout with an eye toward commercialization. Having your
sister participate in this match should provide significant insights,” he
explained.

“Well, it should be quite a show,” I replied ambiguously.

Caron would likely use her hammer again this time. Nothing could leave an
impression on the audience like that. Whether or not it would be helpful as a
reference, I could guarantee the match would be visually impressive.

Unaware of my inner thoughts, Wiemlay cheerfully nodded, “I’m looking forward to
that.”

Soon after, both teams—Caron’s and Jet’s—entered from opposite ends of the vast
stage. The game was set to begin in just a few minutes.

As I eagerly awaited the match to start, I heard a voice call out,

“Zex-sama.”

Suddenly, Shion appeared behind me. She had been approaching stealthily until
the last moment.

I had sensed her presence, but the others seemed taken aback. They were all
wide-eyed. It was no surprise, considering her skills had already surpassed the
limits of what was thought possible.

In fact, I had tasked Shion—and a few of her subordinates—with a rapid
investigation during our training camp. Her appearance signaled that the task
had been completed.

I glanced over my shoulder and understood.

“…I see. It didn’t work out, did it?”

Realizing the outcome of her investigation from Shion’s expression, a hint of
disappointment crept into my voice.

This only reinforced how much I had hoped for a different result. Unconsciously,
I seemed to have taken a liking to her.

In response to my words, Shion looked down slightly and answered, “Yes. We
conducted multiple checks, so I believe there’s no mistake.”

If someone as capable as her was stating it, there was no room for doubt. It was
disappointing, but I had to accept the reality.

Suppressing the complex emotions swirling within me, I tried to comfort Shion.

“Thank you for your hard work. I pushed you too hard. Just rest for today… Tch.”

However, my words were interrupted halfway by an unpleasant presence detected by
my sensing magic.

“Zex-sama?”

My sudden click of the tongue caused Shion to glance at me with concern.

I needed to calm down. I had been caught off guard during a vulnerable moment,
and my emotions had gotten the better of me.

Taking a deep breath, I communicated with her through [Telepathy].

“_My apologies. I detected the intrusion of some thieves and reacted
instinctively._”

In response, Shion managed to conceal her panic, though a hint of urgency
slipped through.

“_I’ll send a squad immediately!_”

“_No need. I’ve already dealt with them using [Gunshot]_.”

I hadn’t been able to use it recently due to adverse circumstances, but
[Gunshot] was a trump card effective in group battles. The magic could cover a
wide area and target blind spots, making it extremely potent.

That said, it wasn't without its flaws.

In the past, I boasted about being the strongest, but training with Akatsuki had
exposed my weaknesses.

First, the longer the distance, the more lag there was before firing. Although
it was a matter of less than a second, in a realm of skilled fighters, that gap
could be fatal.

Next, it could be detected by those sensitive to presences. This was especially
true for elves, who had a high affinity for magical power, as well as
master-level warriors. With Akatsuki’s level, it was practically impossible to
catch him off guard.

Finally, I couldn’t establish a firing point within an opponent’s magical area,
such as inside someone else’s barrier. If the enemy confined themselves within a
barrier, I would have no choice but to break in from the outside.

These were the three significant weaknesses. In short, [Gunshot] wouldn’t work
against someone of a higher caliber.

—That said, I’ve downplayed the value of [Gunshot] so far, but the previously
mentioned weaknesses were only relevant in the past. Thanks to my training with
Akatsuki, I now had the power to confidently claim the title of the strongest in
the world. Only someone at Akatsuki’s level could withstand assassination
attempts from [Gunshot].

Therefore, I was able to swiftly eliminate the intruders this time.

“_There are thirty-six of them. Based on their magical signatures, they are
likely elves. I’ve already instructed the recovery team through a different
channel. Shion, you should rest without worry._”

The issue had been resolved before it could escalate. As long as it didn’t cause
a significant commotion, I wanted her to take a proper break.

“_However…_”

However, from Shion's perspective, she couldn't simply accept that. She seemed
determined to press the issue.

“_Please, just rest. I’m begging you._”

“_Ugh… Understood._”

Though it felt somewhat unfair, I decided to take advantage of her feelings. I
gave her a slightly pleading look.

The effect was remarkable. Shion placed a hand over her chest and agreed.

Wow, I thought it would just come off as creepy since I’m a guy, but it actually
worked quite well.

That said, I should refrain from using this approach too often. Manipulating
feelings like love is truly low.

“Did something happen?”

After Shion stepped back, Wiemlay seemed suspicious of our silent exchange and
asked. I noticed Orca and Minerva casting puzzled glances our way as well.

“It’s nothing. I just told her to take a break.”

I answered calmly, making a deliberate effort to remain composed before standing
up.

“I’ll be stepping out for a moment.”

“The match is about to start soon, you know?”

“I’ll be fine. It won’t take more than five minutes.”

With the information gathered so far, along with the results of Shion’s
investigation and the recent ambush, I started to get a sense of the enemy's
intentions.

Thus, I opened a [Phase Connection]. I needed to make a few adjustments.

And where would it lead…?

<br/>

<br/>

At the designated base in the forest at the foot of the mountain, I—Caroline—was
eagerly waiting for the match to begin. Gripping the handle of the hammer that
fit perfectly in my hand, I tried to suppress the mix of tension and excitement
swirling in my heart.

Before my Onii-sama, I would wield the weapon he had crafted for me. Not just
against anyone, but against skilled opponents from the top club of Magical
Piece.

This was the perfect stage for the grand unveiling of my ultimate
weapon—“Sharuur.” What, did I use it before? That little warm-up doesn’t count
as a debut match.

According to Onii-sama, it’s still “a work in progress,” but I understand just
how powerful “Sharuur” is. I must handle it with care to avoid being thrown
around by its might.

“Oh?”

Feeling a sudden sense of unease, I glanced towards the spectator seats and saw
Onii-sama moving through a [Phase Connection]. Even with the match about to
start, where could he be going?

“It’s alright. Zex will be back soon,”

Nina called out to me. It seemed I must have worn a worried expression. I felt a
bit embarrassed.

I chuckled softly and replied, “Yes, Onii-sama won’t break his promises.”

Since he had declared he would support me, even if he was late for the start of
the match, he wouldn’t completely miss it.

Moreover, if he moved at a time like this, it likely meant there was some kind
of emergency. If it’s Onii-sama, he’ll resolve it in no time, so there’s no need
for concern.

As Nina and I discussed Onii-sama, other team members joined us.

“What’s going on~?”

Marina asked in her laid-back tone.

Even though it was her first time in Magical Piece, she seemed completely
unfazed. I had sensed this before, but this girl has quite a sturdy mental
fortitude. At her core, she has the sensibilities of an ordinary commoner, but
she doesn’t hesitate or hold back in certain areas. Ah, in a good way, of
course.

Seeing her puzzled expression, I answered, “Onii-sama has left his seat.”

“Oh, you’re right! How did you notice that, Caron-san?”

“It’s only natural for a sister.”

When it comes to Onii-sama, my detection abilities are remarkably accurate. I’m
essentially a dedicated support unit for him.

For some reason, both Nina and Marina were smiling wryly, but I chose not to
dwell on it. Such trivial matters pale in comparison to Onii-sama’s greatness.

“You’re not nervous at all, even with the match right around the corner,” Yurika
commented.

“I envy your strong mental fortitude…” Laurel and Yurika complained. They both
looked somewhat pale, clearly tensed up.

It was no surprise. For both of them, this was their first match. Aside from the
school’s examinations, it might even be their first real battle.

The same could be said for Marina, but comparing her to them felt a bit unfair.

Noticing their slightly uneasy expressions, I decided to cast a spell to help
calm them.

“Excuse me,”

I said, placing a hand on each of their shoulders.

That gesture served as the signal for the spell to activate, wrapping them in a
gentle light.

“What’s this?!”

“Eh, what??”

Both of them were surprised by the sudden event, but rest assured—it will settle
down shortly.

The light vanished in an instant, and Laurel and Yurika stood as they had
before. Well, there was a slight change: their complexions appeared much
improved.

“I’m glad it seems to have worked,” I said.

Laurel tilted her head in response. “I feel like my mood has lightened up a bit.
Did you do something, Caroline-san?”

“I applied a light magic spell to ease your mental fatigue.”

“Oh, really? I didn’t know light magic could do that. Thank you, Caroline-san.”

“Thank you! Thanks to you, I feel ready to give it my all in the match.”

Laurel was genuinely impressed, while Yurika seemed full of spirit as she
expressed her gratitude.

...I felt a slight pang of guilt.

The magic I used earlier wasn’t strictly light magic. While it included light
magic, it was primarily a composite spell based on mental magic.

I may not have the breadth of control as Onii-sama possesses, but I do have some
understanding of mental magic. My specialties lie in recovery and
morale-boosting spells.

Though I can’t use it in more complex ways, situations like this arise often, so
it’s quite handy.

“We’re less than a minute away from the start of the Magical-Piece . All player
students, please make your final checks.”

As I was lost in thought, an announcement echoed throughout the venue. At the
same time, a suitable tension filled the air between us.

Nina was, of course, ready. When it comes to pure combat prowess, she stands out
among our usual group, and she had already switched her mindset to that of a
fighter.

Marina seemed fine as well. The results of her training over the past three
months were evident.

Laurel and Yurika were fidgeting a bit, but they managed to focus to some
extent. As long as they didn’t overthink it, they should be fine.

As for Onii-sama... it seemed he wouldn’t make it in time. It was a shame he
wouldn’t be able to witness the game’s opening, but there was nothing to be done
about it. I hoped he would arrive in time to see my moment of glory.

While I checked the surrounding situation, I focused on my own concentration. I
took steady, rhythmic breaths, refining the magic power building up inside me.

“The designated time has arrived. We will begin the game.”

The announcement played once more, followed immediately by the sound of a buzzer
signaling the start of the game.

Though this match carried the weight of our club’s future, it was still a game
to enjoy. Let’s make the most of it!

“Caron!”

Right after the game began, Nina’s sharp voice echoed.

Understanding her intent, I immediately stowed away “Sharuur” and began
constructing my spell.

In the meantime, Nina gathered the others around me.

“Get closer! At this distance, I can’t protect everyone!”

I raised my voice desperately.

While a “Brown Mage” can use defensive magic, I originally function as a shield
focused on close combat. The range of my magic isn’t wide. Under normal
circumstances, I could easily cover a radius of about three meters, but due to
the constraints of my role card, it was impossible right now.

“Closer! Hurry!”

“What’s going on!?”

“It’s too cramped!”

“Ah, something’s coming!”

As Nina pressed everyone closer to me, Laurel and Yurika, still grasping the
situation, voiced their confusion.

Finally, Marina, the “Red Mage,” seemed to catch sight of what Nina had
detected.

“[Light Cocoon]!”

I intentionally chanted the spell to stabilize it.

A veil of light enveloped all of us, shielding us from the outside world.

Immediately after, a thunderous roar echoed through the veil—_dodo dodo dodo
dodo dodo dodo._

We barely made it in time.

As I felt a sense of relief within, Laurel raised her voice.

“What’s that sound!?”

“Enemy attack,” Nina replied flatly.

“A barrage from the ‘Red Mage’ at the start. It’s likely an advanced water magic
spell—[Hydro Rain].”

“A starting barrage!? Is that even allowed!?”

“If we’re talking about whether it’s allowed or not, it is.”

This time, the basic rules were in play. There are no prohibitions as long as
the game continues until the opposing team is wiped out. There’s no rule against
launching a magical attack the moment the game starts.

That said, it’s not that simple.

As a fundamental rule of Magical Piece, activating magic or applying enhancement
buffs before the game begins is prohibited. This means you have to cast advanced
magic the instant the game starts. The required skill level is extraordinarily
high, so it’s not something that would commonly be done.

Most likely, the “Blue Mage” and perhaps a “Green Mage” who could use some magic
collaborated to enhance the “Red Mage.”

However, it was a close call. If Nina hadn’t been using her non-magic detection,
some of us might have been knocked out by that attack. As a “Brown Mage,” my
detection capabilities were almost completely ineffective.

It seems they’re quite serious. I need to tighten my focus.

Noticing that the enemy’s attack had ceased, I promptly canceled the [Light
Cocoon].

The scene outside had changed drastically. The area was flooded, and the
once-thick trees had been toppled, leaving nearly barren land.

“We’re moving.”

“It’s bad if we’re out in the open.”

Nina and I issued commands, and we began to move as a group.

Fortunately, there was no second long-range attack. It seemed they didn’t have
the skill to launch repeated assaults. If they could do that, they would rank
among the top five in the country, so it was to be expected.

After moving into the densely forested area, we finally came to a halt. After
this much movement, it would be difficult for the enemy to pinpoint our
location.

Once we settled, Laurel seemed to have grasped the situation and opened her
mouth in a flustered manner.

“Isn’t this bad? If we don’t attack from our side soon, we’ll be stuck and
unable to move!”

Her words were indeed correct. Even if they couldn’t launch repeated attacks,
given time, they could certainly execute another long-range barrage. The longer
we dawdled, the more cornered we would become.

However, rushing in to attack would also be foolish.

“Let’s stick to the original plan,” I suggested.

“Yeah, that’s the safest bet,” Nina agreed, nodding in response to my opinion.

On the other hand, Laurel and Yurika voiced their doubts.

“Is it really okay to go with the original plan? I can only see a future where
we run out of options.”

“I feel like we’ll be struggling to attack as well.”

Their opinions weren’t wrong.

The strategy we initially devised involved having Yurika and Nina act as
skirmishers while the remaining three engaged in a head-on clash. This would
utilize my defensive capabilities effectively.

However, a significant drawback was that the three of us, being constrained by
our role cards, would become easy targets. Considering the enemy's tactics, we
would likely allow repeated long-range barrages.

But both Nina and I were well aware of this.

“Whether we change the strategy or not, our movement restrictions as backline
members remain the same. Either way, we will have to endure some attacks.”

“In that case, it’s better to boldly ignore the long-range attacks and proceed
as planned. While Caron and I can handle it, you two aren’t seasoned enough to
improvise.”

“Ugh, that’s true, but…”

“Can you really take that attack multiple times?”

Seeing the lingering anxiety in both of them, I patted my chest and declared
confidently, “I will protect both of you! You can rely on me without worry!”

Thanks to my efforts to reflect on past failures, I felt quite confident in my
defense. Even with the restrictions of my role card, I should be able to
withstand that level of attack.

Perhaps sensing my unwavering confidence, both of them ultimately accepted the
execution of the plan. Although a hint of anxiety remained, we could only dispel
that in the heat of battle.

“Though I’ve taken the lead, is Marina okay?” I turned to Marina, who had been
silent throughout.

With a cheerful smile, she replied, “I believe in you, Caron!”

What an innocent smile! It radiated a brilliance that seemed far more befitting
of her title of “Saint” than anything I could muster.

I absolutely had to live up to her expectations!

<br/>

<br/>

Shortly after Yurika and Nina separated to act as skirmishers, the three of us
began to advance while staying close together, pushing through the trees toward
the enemy's position.

Although the exact location of the enemy camp was classified information to the
players, we deduced it from the trajectory of the earlier attack.

As for how they pinpointed our location, they likely made an educated guess.
This stage is frequently used by top clubs, so it’s reasonable for them to have
a general idea of the designated spots for enemy camps.

If we could narrow down their position, all they had to do was unleash a
wide-area attack spell to finish us off—a rather straightforward task.

I didn’t consider this tactic to be underhanded. If they wanted to prevent this
situation, they should have pointed it out during the planning phase of the
match. Onii-sama probably regarded this as part of the handicap as well.

It might be a bit strict, but that’s just how he is. When it comes to matters
like these, he tends to adopt a very spartan approach.

“Here they come!” Marina suddenly shouted.

I had entrusted her with the reconnaissance, as she faced few restrictions when
it came to casting spells. Since this was not a surprise attack, we could deal
with it with plenty of room to spare.

Stepping forward, I readied my “Sharuur” and activated “Light Wall” between
myself and Laurel’s group as a precaution.

A few seconds later, I spotted the enemy’s magical attack within my line of
sight. It appeared to be “Aqua Arrow,” a mid-tier water spell. Furthermore, it
seemed to be cast in multiple iterations, as a barrage of water arrows began to
rain down toward us.

I swung my “Sharuur” as soon as they got within a certain range. The sound of
cutting air roared through the area as the shockwave collided with the wave of
Aqua Arrows.

The result was predictable.

“No way!?”

“Whoa, that’s amazing!”

I heard their voices of astonishment, but it was nothing out of the ordinary.
The shockwave from my attack had destroyed the Aqua Arrows. Not a single drop of
water touched Laurel or Marina behind me.

Given the limitations on my physical enhancement, I found the power a bit
lacking, but it was more than enough to defend against the enemy’s attack.

Now, let’s see who our next opponent is.

“Why not stop hiding and show yourselves?” I called out toward the trees in our
path.

While Laurel and the others seemed dumbfounded, I had sensed the situation. With
Shion, a master of stealth, nearby, discerning the actions of amateurs was
trivial.

It seemed they understood that continuing to hide was pointless. They accepted
my suggestion.

“Well, I had confidence in my stealth, but now I’m starting to doubt it,” came
the voice of Jet, the captain of the top club, who emerged with an unabashed
grin, despite the implications of his words. He was currently armed with a
one-handed sword, strongly suggesting he was a “Green Mage.”

I readied my “Sharuur” again, ensuring that the two behind me wouldn’t be
attacked.

Jet, on the other hand, maintained his nonchalant demeanor.

“Ha! You don’t need to be so wary. I don’t think a surprise attack would work
against someone of your caliber.”

“I’m not acting in my usual capacity right now.”

“Even so, I’m not foolish enough to underestimate someone wielding such a large
hammer.”

“You’d be surprised how many fools there are in the world who do just that.”

Those who dared to challenge Foranada were always those ignorant of reason.

That said, I’d admit Jet wasn’t a fool. There was a serious look in his eyes.
While it was irritating to watch, it was undeniable.

He continued, “It seems we’ve both come up with similar strategies.”

“It appears so. Though, we won’t be able to perform any opening barrages.”

“If you start copying our moves, that’s going to be a problem. That was our
trump card, after all. It’s been thwarted, though,” Jet remarked with a
self-deprecating shrug.

Both teams had sent their “Green Mages” out to skirmish while the backline
attempted a frontal assault. That’s why Jet was right in front of us.

If a follow-up ranged attack were to be unleashed here, it would be game over.
But all I could do was trust Nina and Yurika. I hoped they were able to engage
as well.

“Well then, shall we begin?”

“Whenever you’re ready,” Jet replied.

Due to the movement restrictions, we had no choice but to wait for Jet’s attack.
Marina could initiate an assault, but given her skill level, there was a higher
chance of missing. I instructed her to wait for my signal to move once I
absorbed the enemy's attack.

“Both of you, just like we practiced, please!”

“Yes!”

“Got it!”

While keeping my focus on Jet, I called back to the two behind me.

Laurel seemed a bit tense, but that was nothing to worry about. As for Marina, I
had no concerns at all. She had such a thick skin when it came to pressure.

“First strike!”

In an instant, Jet executed a high-speed movement, circling around to my left.

He must have considered the cumbersome nature of wielding a massive hammer, but
he underestimated me!

“Ha!”

As he swung his sword horizontally, I countered with my “Sharuur.”

I had trained far too rigorously to let such a simple maneuver catch me off
guard. If I were to take a hit here, my brother would surely subject me to an
intense session of remedial training, and I wanted to avoid that at all costs!

The difference in mass was clear. The clash between sword and hammer was settled
in an instant, and Jet was sent flying backward.

No, that wasn’t quite right. He had intentionally jumped back to mitigate the
damage. He hadn’t sustained as much harm as it appeared.

It was infuriating. It grated on my nerves that someone could exhibit such
behavior while still being so capable.

…Let’s calm down. Getting heated won’t help us win this match. In a battle, it’s
the one who loses their composure who ultimately loses.

Moreover, I wasn’t alone now. With two people I needed to protect, I had to
fight steadily and responsibly.

The exchange between Jet and me continued. He dashed around with agility while I
swung my “Sharuur” to deflect his attacks. Occasionally, Marina and Laurel
provided support, but it didn’t result in a decisive blow. The pattern continued
relentlessly.

Before long, the announcements rang out:

“Top Club ‘Blue Mage’ has been eliminated.”

“Top Club ‘Red Mage’ has been eliminated.”

The announcements echoed in quick succession.

It seemed that Yurika and Nina had handled their tasks well.

This good news brought joy to both Laurel and Marina, even though we didn’t have
much time to celebrate given the ongoing battle.

Jet’s expression, however, had taken on a slight shadow as he seemed to realize
he was being cornered.

“It looks like I might lose at this rate. I’ll have to settle this next time,”
he declared, raising his one-handed sword high into the air.

My suspicions flared momentarily as he began to gather an immense amount of
magic power into the blade. There was no doubt he was preparing to unleash his
own signature move.

What was even more concerning was the speed at which he accumulated that magic
power. He compressed a massive amount of energy in almost no time at all,
leaving us no chance to interfere.

Jet grinned smugly.

“It’s common to be targeted while charging. I’ve learned to overcome that
weakness.”

His expression was infuriating, but I had no retort. There was no time for that.
It would be quite challenging to deploy a defensive spell capable of countering
an attack of that level in such a short time. Perhaps Orca, with her refined
magical skills, or Minerva, who wielded diverse magic, could have handled it
differently. But it was pointless to complain now; I had to find a way out of
this situation.

Just as I rushed to deploy my defensive magic, Laurel shouted unexpectedly.

“Caroline-san and Marina, prepare to attack!”

Though my rational mind was telling me it was a foolish order, I complied
without hesitation, likely Marina did the same.

This wasn’t about logic. Both Marina and I prioritized our trust in our
teammates.

As Jet swung down his sword, I too readied my “Sharuur” and started to sprint
forward. If I didn’t act, I would take the full brunt of his attack, but that
didn’t matter. I was placing my faith in Laurel.

And just as the torrent of magic was about to be unleashed from Jet’s sword—

“[Magic Diffusion]!”

“What!?”

Due to the effect of Laurel’s spell, the magic Jet had gathered dispersed into
mist.

Consequently, his attack fizzled out, and I reached within striking distance
unscathed.

However, it appeared Jet wasn’t the leader of a top club for nothing. Despite
having his trump card nullified, he maintained his composure and prepared to
counter my attack.

But he was underestimating the situation. I wasn’t the only one launching an
attack.

“[Aqua Fall]!”

A deluge of water came crashing down from above, thanks to Marina’s spell. It
seemed to catch Jet completely off guard, causing him to lose his balance.

I seized this perfect opportunity without hesitation!

“Take this!!!”

“Gah!?”

With all my strength, I swung my “Sharuur,” sending Jet flying away.

This time, I felt no residual energy dissipating from the impact.

Within five seconds, the announcement echoed through the arena.

“Top Club ‘Green Mage’ has been eliminated.”

That moment marked the assurance of our team’s victory.

Afterward, Yurika was eliminated, but we managed to secure our win, ensuring the
continuation of our club.

I was surprised when Laurel began to cry tears of joy, but I felt truly
relieved.

<br/>

<br/>

The match against the top club concluded with our victory, and to celebrate both
the preservation of our club and our win, I—Zex—was hosting a small party with
my teammates.

However, this wasn't one of those extravagant affairs thrown by nobles; it was a
modest gathering among friends.

In our shabby club room, we laid out some snacks and tea, while everyone reveled
in the afterglow of our victory.

Though there were a few tense moments, it felt great to have won.

Ah, I may have missed the opening, but I certainly watched the match itself.

I excused myself to go to the restroom and stepped out of the club room. Since
the party had started in the evening, the sun had completely set, and the stars
were twinkling brightly in the sky.

As I strolled, admiring the beautiful sky, I made my way toward my real
destination—not the restroom.

After a short while, I arrived at the stage used for the earlier Magical Piece
match. Standing in the spectator area was a figure alongside me.

Though it was difficult to see clearly in the darkness, I already knew who it
was.

Indeed, it was Laurel, the club president, who had stepped away for the same
reason I did.

As I approached within about five meters, she turned around and casually asked,

“What’s wrong, Zex? Aren't you in the middle of the party?”

“That’s what I should be asking you. What happened to the restroom?”

“Ahaha, I finished up and came here afterward. I just wanted to bask in some
nostalgia for a bit.”

“Nostalgia, huh?”

“Is that strange?”

“No, not at all.”

I shook my head.

I understood the feeling of reminiscing after something joyful. Given her
position... it would make even more sense for her to feel that sadness.

As the warm summer air brushed against my skin, I took a breath and spoke up.

“You really shined in the match. Especially your support at the end was great.”

Laurel smiled wryly at my compliment.

“Not at all. I wasn’t able to keep up with the fight myself, and even without
that, Caron would have found a way to win.”

“That might be true. But thanks to your actions, the damage was minimized, and
we were able to secure the win.”

“Please don’t praise me like that. It was just a lucky coincidence.”

She put on a humble facade, shedding her usual boldness.

But that wasn’t all. Laurel seemed somewhat restless now, her eyes darting
around and her body fidgeting. More than anything, the emotions spilling from
her were fluctuating erratically—a clear sign of agitation mixed with guilt.

This was conclusive. Even without the tangible evidence, her reaction left no
room for denial.

Swallowing the unease that arose in my heart, I resolved to voice my thoughts.

“Was it also a coincidence that you learned that curse?”

“Wha—!?”

Laurel’s shoulders jumped slightly, her eyes widening to the point of
overflowing. Her reaction was tantamount to a confession.

However, she stubbornly attempted to brush it off.

“W-What are you talking about? I haven’t used any curse at all!”

With her composure clearly shattered, her formal speech fell away. Her tone
became almost monotone, bordering on terrible acting.

I couldn’t help but point this out with exasperation.

“That last move was definitely a curse. Using it in front of me was a mistake.”

The magic she had used during her battle with Jet was undoubtedly a curse.

The reason his ultimate technique was neutralized was that the gathered magic
power dispersed. The only magic that could cause that was a curse or mental
magic.

“Most likely, you got that cursed object from an elf through some
under-the-table dealings, right?”

If it was a disposable item with just enough power to disperse magic, it could
easily evade my notice with a bit of mind manipulation.

According to the rules of the Magical-Piece match, basic items had no
restrictions on bringing them in. That’s how Caron was able to use her hammer,
“Sharuur,” as well.

But why were elves involved in this?

The creation of “Leaf” requires a curse; this is a solid fact backed by the
testimony of the headmistress witch. Thus, I had long suspected the involvement
of the Forest Kingdom and the witch.

Additionally, there was another reason that led me to believe there was a
connection between Laurel and the elves.

Leaving the stunned Laurel behind, I pressed on with my words.

“Laurel Raulus Loriel. You are the one who colluded with spies from the Forest
Kingdom to sell ‘Leaf’ to the students and even assisted in the kidnapping of
Caron, a light magician. Am I wrong?”

This wasn’t a question from a friend but an accusation from Count Foranada, one
that would not allow for evasion. I infused my intent into the charge I leveled
against her.

In response, Laurel's face turned pale, and she trembled. She tried to say
something, but no sound came forth.

During the training camp, I had Shion and the others investigate Laurel’s
background. They traced her origins, her orphanage, and the whereabouts of her
parents, digging as deep as they could. It required considerable effort, but I
justified it as a necessary expense.

As a result, it became clear that Laurel was indeed the potential spy in
question.

Laurel was born while her biological father was missing, and he was in such a
state of disarray that he couldn’t possibly care for a child. Deeming her
relatives unable to handle the situation, she had been placed in an orphanage.
As for her mother, her identity remained unknown.

There was more evidence.

When I investigated her dorm room without her consent, I discovered several
magical tools that were inappropriate for a student to possess. In addition, a
fake contract that promised cooperation in exchange for meeting her biological
mother was found.

Finally, there was the matter of the planned kidnapping of Caron. This referred
to the bandits who had infiltrated just before the match began. They were spies
from the Forest Kingdom, taking advantage of the opportunity created by the
restrictions on position cards. During their interrogation, they had
successfully revealed Laurel’s name. Moreover, they had confiscated magical
tools and cursed objects similar to those Laurel owned.

With such overwhelming evidence against her, there was no room for excuses.

I locked my gaze onto the trembling Laurel.

“Why? You were so passionate about the Magical-Piece matches. Why did you
conspire with spies from the Forest Kingdom? Why did you involve yourself in the
trade of illegal drugs like ‘Leaf’?”

I couldn’t believe my ears when all this evidence came to light. The girl who
had clung to the bottom-tier club and poured her heart into her love for Magical
Piece matches had taken on a job with no future like this.

Upon hearing my question, Laurel bit her lip, not even noticing the blood
flowing from it as she clenched her fists tightly.

She had been trembling ever since I pointed out the curse, but now it seemed her
trembling was changing. The fear in her was gradually being replaced by anger.

In a low voice, she muttered,

“...isn’t…”

“What did you say?”

The volume of her voice was so faint that even I couldn’t catch it.

When I asked her to repeat herself, she shot me a fierce glare.

“I told you, you wouldn’t understand! You, with your noble status, surrounded by
so many people! There’s no way you could understand how I felt, having nothing!”

Her voice erupted like a scream, filled with anguish that echoed in the night.

<br/>

<br/>

“I told you, you wouldn’t understand! You, a noble, surrounded by so many
people! There’s no way you could understand how it feels to have nothing!”

Her voice was a scream, raw and filled with anguish, as if she were vomiting
blood from the depths of her soul.

She continued with a piercing cry.

“I’ve always been a failure. No matter what I did, I could only achieve the
lowest results, and I was ridiculed by my peers. The teachers at the academy
treated it as just a job, and I never felt any warmth from them. I thought that
if I started attending school… if I could learn something, maybe things would
change, but in the end, I remained a failure. The only thing that increased was
the number of people who looked down on me. I worked hard, harder than anyone
else, but the results never followed. No one paid attention to me. Not a single
person loved me!”

This was the lament of someone starved for love and success. She had gone
unrecognized by anyone, suffering in loneliness. The feelings akin to resentment
erupted along with her voice.

“I truly saw hope in Magical Piece matches. But they told me. They said if I
cooperated, they would let me meet my mother. They would connect me with the
only person who loved me. When I heard that, how could I not lend my strength?
What’s wrong with seeking my real mother, who exists in reality, over a fleeting
dream that could never come true?!”

“Laurel…”

So this is the tactic of the Forest Kingdom. If you place exquisite bait in
front of a hungry beast, it’s only natural that it would bite.

No matter how foolish it may be, she had no choice but to take their hand. She
didn’t want to miss her only hope—her biological mother. In Laurel’s case, it
seemed her lack of talent compounded the situation.

It was revolting; I felt sick to my stomach. To take away the love that could
have been hers, to disguise mist as bait, and to manipulate her for their own
convenience.

Yes, the people from the Forest Kingdom had no intention of letting her meet her
mother. In fact, her mother likely didn’t even exist.

The elves of the Forest Kingdom looked down on other races with great disdain.
Given that the one chosen to be a mother would likely be someone who pledged
loyalty to the nation, their fixed ideas must be even stronger. Could such
individuals live freely with a human man? The fate of their mothers goes without
saying.

“I know this is wrong. I know it’s a disgraceful act that devours someone else's
future. I feel guilty toward Caron and the others. They supported my dream,
helped me, and rejoiced with me. They’re truly good people. It cleansed my heart
just being around them. I thought the title ‘Saint of Sunlight’ suited her
perfectly.”

With tears streaming down her face, Laurel poured out her words.

“Even so, I wanted love! I wanted someone who would truly see me and acknowledge
my efforts! I wanted to be loved, even if it meant betraying my friends or
giving up my dreams!”

Once she finished saying everything she had to say, Laurel fell silent.

Her harsh breathing and the way she coughed indicated that she had yelled with
emotion—these were words from the depths of her heart.

Laurel, too, had likely struggled and made her decision. While I could never
condone the content of that decision, I had no intention of denying her
feelings. Though I felt a deep sympathy for her.

I looked at her with pity and said one thing.

“Caron and the others recognized your efforts and extended their feelings of
friendship toward you.”

In response, after she caught her breath, she smiled bitterly.

“Yeah, I think so too. I realize I acted foolishly. But I couldn’t stop myself.”

Then, she gave me a complex smile filled with confusion, joy, and sorrow.

“So I’ll put an end to it here.”

Suddenly, she tilted her body.

Before she could fall to the ground, I barely managed to catch her.

“What have you done?!”

Upon inspection, I found Laurel's magical power rapidly depleting. It was as if
magic was flowing out of her like water from a bucket with a hole. This was the
first time I had ever seen such a phenomenon.

With her face turning pale, Laurel spoke slowly, as if even moving her lips was
a burden.

“What’s happening is the backlash from the curse. Didn’t you say that I would be
using a curse?”

“Where’s the safety mechanism?!”

The cursed artifact we confiscated from the spies should have had a safety
device to reduce the backlash. It was unnatural for her condition to deteriorate
this severely after just one use.

Laurel wore a bitter smile.

“Of course it’s broken. It was obvious that their plan to attack Caroline-san
would fail. And once it failed, I would be useless. The contract would be void.
So, I had to pay the price for betraying my friends.”

“You used the curse with this in mind from the start… Tch.”

I hurriedly used [Harmony Adjustment]. However, the outflow of magical power did
not stop at all.

I didn’t ponder the reason. This outcome was expected. [Harmony Adjustment] is a
technique that exorcises the curse itself, but it does not eliminate the
backlash. It’s akin to not being able to heal a mind driven mad by a curse. In
other words, “You can repair a dam that has collapsed from a flood, but you
cannot restore the damage caused by that flood.”

While I was at a loss, her magical power continued to rise dangerously high.

Even if her magical power reached zero, she wouldn’t die but would fall into a
deep sleep.

From the current situation, it seemed unlikely that her magical power would
recover naturally. In other words, if she fell asleep, she would never awaken.
That was hardly different from death.

I bit my teeth in frustration at my own powerlessness to heal her immediately.

“Damn it! What do you mean by paying the price? This is no different from
running away! If you really want to take responsibility, then live and atone for
it!”

“Hahaha, Zex, you’re harsh. …I’m weak. Really weak. That’s why I couldn’t face
the reality that awaits me. I can’t show my face to Caroline-san and the others,
and I can’t accept that my mother is dead. So, this is the only option left,
right? I wanted to at least help the club survive and fade away.”

“You…”

“Ah… I’m so sleepy…”

“Laurel!”

“…If I could be… seen off by such a handsome guy… it wouldn’t be… so bad…”

“Hey, wake up! Laurel!”

Laurel’s eyelids had completely fallen, and no matter how many times I called
her name, she showed no sign of response. Her magical power was gone.

A surge of anger welled up from the depths of my heart.

But I couldn’t let it out now. Laurel was in my arms. First, I needed to move
her to a safe place.

I took a slow breath and stood up while holding her.

Then I called out into the void.

“Garna, I’m counting on you to take care of Laurel.”

“Oh my, did you catch on?”

A lighthearted response that was out of place in this tense atmosphere reached
my ears. At the same time, Garna, one of the attendants, appeared from a spot
that had seemed empty.

“If you want to deceive my eyes, you need to train harder.”

“Don’t say unreasonable things.”

Garna exchanged banter as he took Laurel from my arms. He had also learned
[Physical Enhancement], so carrying a single woman wouldn’t be a problem.

“What will you do next, Zex-sama?”

“The final touches.”

In response to Garna's question, I gave a brief answer.

Honestly, I wanted to prioritize dealing with Laurel, but it was clear that the
others were nearing their limit as well. It would be foolish to misjudge the
priorities here.

I then opened [Phase Connection].

As we passed through [Phase Connection], I instructed Garna.

“Let Caron and the others know that they should disperse first.”

“What should I tell them as an excuse?”

“Just say it’s work; that should be sufficient. I’ll leave the details to you.”

“Understood.”

Acknowledging her consent, I proceeded with the transfer.

<br/>

<br/>

Now, how should I settle this? I was in a very foul mood. It would be best for
them not to expect any leniency.
