# Chapter 5: Training Camp

It has been a little over half a month since I speculated about the evil deeds
of the Forest Kingdom.

In that time, not much has progressed. The only thing I can report is that the
club's training at the academy has been going smoothly. As for anything related
to the Forest Kingdom, I've made no tangible progress.

I consulted my master, Akatsuki, about improving the Appraisal skill. However,
he informed me that adding the capabilities I wanted would be difficult.

The Appraisal I use is a type of mental magic, distinct from the kind that can
investigate lineage or a parent's race. It's akin to trying to observe
microorganisms through a telescope. In this case, a microscope—medical magic
focused on the body, like light magic—would be necessary.

Even with light magic, I would need knowledge of genetics or creativity to
construct the spell from scratch. Akatsuki pointed out that this is typically
the realm of researchers who have mastered the field. Therefore, it would be
impossible to ask existing light magic users like Caron for assistance.

As it stands, I have no choice but to find individuals with circumstances
similar to Gesh's and observe them closely. Given the existing manpower
shortage, the workload is only increasing. What on earth is happening?

Regarding the Forest Kingdom, there is one more piece of information. Another
buyer of the "Leaf," which was being traded at the academy, has been identified
alongside the previously captured students. This was the result of a serious
search by the headmaster, so its reliability is high. However, as I mentioned
earlier, those students had no knowledge of the matter.

Still, it is certain that the seller of "Leaf" has been making regular
appearances at the academy. There may indeed be a "potential spy" among the
academy staff.

While it is difficult to uncover their identity, if we can catch them in the act
of buying or selling "Leaf," we could arrest them on the spot. I should increase
the number of personnel monitoring the academy's darker activities.

"Onii-sama, are you feeling unwell?"

Suddenly, I heard Caron's voice next to me.

That snapped me back to reality.

"Huh? Ah, sorry. I was lost in thought."

I quickly scanned my surroundings to assess the situation.

We were inside the rundown clubroom, with the usual members gathered.

If I recall correctly, before we started training, Laurel mentioned that she had
something to discuss. Judging by the atmosphere, it seemed her topic had already
concluded. I've been so busy lately that I completely zoned out. What a blunder.

"Zex, weren't you listening to us?"

"Get it together already," Laurel and Minerva remarked, their voices tinged with
exasperation.

In response, I let out an awkward laugh.

"Sorry. So, what was the discussion about?"

"Were you not listening at all!?"

Laurel exclaimed, her mouth agape in disbelief at my response.

She then placed a hand on her forehead and explained once more. I truly felt bad
about it.

"We were discussing a training camp. Since the last week before the match
coincides with summer break, I suggested that we train overnight."

"Oh, is that what it was?"

Finally, I understood what they were talking about.

I could see her point. Currently, Laurel, Yurika, and Marina—especially the
first two—were somewhat lacking in skill to compete against the top club. No
matter how effective the training methods I devised were, it wouldn't matter
without enough time. Therefore, the proposal for a training camp was likely an
attempt to make up for that fundamental time shortage.

But,

"At this point, having a training camp would just be a drop in the bucket.”I’ve
mentioned this before, but even if we add a day or two, it won't significantly
improve our skills. There’s a risk of overtraining, so it might be more
appropriate to actually reduce the training load.

In response, Laurel replied ambiguously, "That may be true..." She seemed to
have something on her mind, her expression betraying a hint of embarrassment.

I tilted my head.

“If you have something to say, don’t hold back. It’s too late to be shy now.
I’ve seen plenty of your embarrassing moments already.”

I had witnessed her struggling during training countless times. Being bashful
now felt like a futile resistance.

“Muu...”

“...”

It seemed my comment hit home. Laurel’s cheeks flushed slightly as she grumbled,
and Yurika, who had been observing nearby, covered her face with her hands.

The others watched the two of them with warm expressions. It seemed to carry the
intent of comforting comrades. I could feel a strangely strong bond among them.

After a brief silence, Laurel, seemingly steeling herself, clenched her hands.

“I’ve always longed for a training camp! Until now, I’ve only been able to focus
on keeping the club alive, so I want to do something youthful like that!”

“Ah—”

Everyone in the room responded with a chorus of agreement.

I understood her feelings. A training camp with club members is something to
dream about, especially after enduring it for three years.

Receiving the warm gazes of everyone, Laurel hesitated, looking down bashfully.

“I-I didn’t want to say it because it’s embarrassing.”

She murmured that, and I found myself thinking that she surprisingly had a cute
side.

Just then, Caron stood up enthusiastically.

“Let’s do it! I fully support the idea of a training camp!”

“Caron...”

Laurel looked up at Caron, clearly moved.

Then the others began to speak up.

“I’m in favor too!”

“I’ll handle the cooking and other preparations for the day!”

“I agree too!” Yurika chimed in.

"I'm not a player, but I'll help however I can."

"Hmph. Since _I_ am helping, you better not show me any weakness."

"Everyone..."

Laurel’s voice trembled with emotion as one by one, everyone agreed to the
training camp.

Then, all eyes turned toward me. A few of them seemed worried.

They didn’t need to be. I’m not so cold-hearted as to turn them down.

“Alright, let’s do the camp. I’ll take care of the arrangements.”

Hearing my words, the girls cheered excitedly.

Honestly, this isn’t the best time for a camp, but if it helps brighten Caron
and the others’ youth, I’ll shoulder the extra work. Their smiles are the
greatest reward I could ask for.

<br/>

<br/>

The first day of the training camp came around in the blink of an eye. There had
been final exams in the meantime, but there were no particular issues. I had
been thoroughly preparing and reviewing as usual.

In fact, it seemed that the academy learned from the midterms, as Caron,
Minerva, Orca, and Nina were all exempt from practical exams this time. Thanks
to that, it was a peaceful testing period.

On another note, Marina achieved good results and secured her promotion to Class
C. Congratulations to her.

Now that I think about it, I had completely forgotten, but it seemed that Dan
and Miria also managed to stay in Class A. Orca had banned them from
participating in club activities and regularly tutored them. I might need to
reward Orca later for her efforts.

With all that in mind, we gathered in a certain building on the academy grounds.

This building, known as the "Training Camp Building," is used for overnight
stays during club activities. Since there are many students in the dorms, it
apparently doesn’t get used very often.

Even though it’s not used frequently, it seemed to have been cleaned adequately.
There was no dust or dirt to be found in the interior, and it looked ready for
us to stay in immediately.

“Zex, we’ll conduct an inspection of the facilities just to be safe.”

“Thanks. I’ll keep an eye on Caron and the others.”

With that, Shion led the servants inside the training camp building. Assuming
the worst, only Taria and Maron stayed behind.

After seeing Shion off, I called out to Caron and the others who had been
waiting behind me.

“Let’s get started with our training right away. I’ve reserved Training Ground
Three.”

“Huh? Don’t we need to unpack our stuff first?”

Laurel froze in a half-done posture, trying to carry her belongings. It looked
like Yurika was in a similar state.

In response to them, Caron spoke up.

“You don’t need to worry about carrying your luggage yourselves. If you leave it
here, Shion and the others will take care of it. One of you can also stay behind
to keep watch.”

“Leave it to us!”

Taria reacted to Caron’s words. It seemed she would remain here while Maron
would accompany us to the training ground.

However, even after hearing Caron’s words, Laurel and the others were still
flustered.

Well, it’s understandable. If you’re a genuine commoner like them, being told
suddenly that “it’s fine to leave the chores to the servants” would only create
feelings of guilt and confusion. It took Marina some time to adjust, and even
now, she still seems a bit apologetic.

This disparity in values is something that’s not easily reconciled. Even Caron,
who has spent time with me, doesn’t fully grasp what they are hesitating about.

In times like this, it’s only me, who understands both perspectives, who can
take action.

“Don’t worry too much. It’s their job to do that. If you do the chores
yourselves, you’ll be taking work away from them, and they’ll get scolded by
their supervisor later. That’s not something you’d want, right?”

“Hmm. If that’s the case, I understand.”

“It’s wrong to take away someone else’s job…”

The two of them nodded in agreement after hearing my reasoning and released
their grip on their luggage.

With that settled, we could proceed without concern.

Confirming that everyone was unencumbered, we headed to the training ground.

We arrived a bit earlier than our reserved time. As a result, another club was
still using the training ground, seemingly determined to make the most of their
time.

I wondered if they could finish and vacate the area in time, but it turned out
to be an unfounded worry. Upon closer inspection, I noticed other students,
separate from those training, hurriedly tidying up at the edge.

I see. Clubs with larger numbers can effectively utilize their time like this.
In that regard, we aren’t at a disadvantage... well, not really. After all, we
have the help of the Valanada servants.

As I pondered these trivial matters, I waited for our reserved time to roll
around.

From what I could see of their training content, it looked like they were from
the Magic-Piece Club, primarily composed of Class C members. Since I didn’t
recognize many faces, it didn’t seem to be a high-tier group.

Just then, Laurel, who was most familiar with the club situations, murmured,
“Looks like it’s a club centered around Class C members. I recognize a few of
them. Besides, if they were Class B or higher, they wouldn’t be using the
training ground at this early hour.”

“Does the time slot matter?” Caron asked, puzzled, and Laurel proudly continued.

“It matters a lot. The closer a club is to the top, the more flexibility they
have with reserving the training grounds. As a result, weaker clubs only have
availability early in the morning or late at night.”

The academy operates on a meritocracy, so it’s understandable that disparities
exist in this aspect. Since I applied for this reservation, it was fortunate it
went through.

“It’s a harsh world, isn’t it?” Caron nodded thoughtfully.

“It seems like they’re wrapping up,” Orca suddenly chimed in.

As he mentioned, the previous group seemed to have finished their training. They
were already starting to clear out and approaching the exit where we stood.

“Alright. Let’s begin our training too,” I said, signaling for us to move
forward. Everyone followed suit, and we naturally passed by the Class C club,
which I’ll refer to as Club C.

However, as we passed by, a somewhat troublesome atmosphere settled around us.

The red-haired man at the front of Club C recognized us and immediately let out
negative emotions. Disgust, hatred, anger, jealousy, and more flooded his
expression. No matter how you looked at it, there was nothing friendly about the
emotions he displayed. They twisted and churned, aimed directly at us.

...No, that’s not right. He wasn’t looking at “us.” The red-haired youth was
glaring specifically at one person—Laurel, who was walking a little behind me.

A quick glance around showed that the starting members all bore expressions
similar to the red-haired man. From what I could see, every one of them shared
negative feelings toward Laurel, all of whom were in the same grade as her. But
why she had drawn their ire was a mystery.

Well, they weren’t overtly hostile. Their reactions were limited to slightly
furrowed brows, and only someone like me, who could read emotions, would notice.
Even they were smart enough not to provoke a group that included nobility. They
merely shot furtive glances our way before quietly exiting the training
ground."Let's start with meditation, as usual. Sit evenly spaced apart."

As I gave instructions to everyone, I cast a glance toward the entrance where
the members of Club C had left. Then, I took a quick look at Laurel.

Previously, I thought she was being bullied simply because she was an easy
target, a scapegoat for the others. But after seeing the emotions those Club C
members harbored, I realized it wasn't such a simple issue.

It was a mistake to neglect looking into Laurel's background, thinking it was
just a club-related matter.

From what I’ve observed over this past month, there didn’t seem to be any dark
secrets behind that fake Kansai accent of hers, but maybe it's worth digging a
bit deeper. Luckily, we're on a training retreat now. There’ll be plenty of
chances.

I paused my thoughts there. Any further analysis would be pointless given the
limited information I had. Besides, Caron and the others had already begun their
meditation training.

Even though Laurel and Yurika, who were originally part of the beginner group,
were starting to get the hang of it, they still had moments where they lost
their concentration. I had to make sure to give them the necessary corrections.

"Now then, how many times will it take today?"

I pulled out the keisaku from my [Phase Concealment] and lightly tapped it
against my shoulder[^keisaku].

For some reason, Maron, who stood by my side, had a tense look on her face. I
wonder what's going on with her.

---

About two hours after the training began, Caron and the others finished their
meditation and started their coordination drills. Orca and Minerva, who weren't
participating in the match against the top club, took on the role of simulated
enemies, allowing for a more realistic training experience.

“Shall we take a break?”

I had been making sure they stayed hydrated, but they hadn’t had a proper rest
yet. While Caron and Nina were fine, the fatigue was starting to accumulate for
Laurel and the other three, so the timing seemed just right.

Upon hearing my words, everyone let out a sigh of relief. I couldn’t help but
think they were a bit too tense about the training, but since this was typical,
I chose not to dwell on it.

Then, Laurel started to walk outside the training area.

“I’m off to pick some flowers. Oh, and you maids don’t have to come with me.”

She waved off Shion and the others, who had already joined us, and dashed off
toward the restroom.

On the other hand, Maron, one of the attendants who had tried to follow her,
looked at me with a troubled expression.

I nodded slightly and conveyed through a mental message, “_Follow her without
being noticed._”

Receiving the order, she swiftly disappeared from the spot. Good, she was among
the more skilled attendants when it came to stealth. This was a testament to
both her natural talent and her consistent training.

I felt a bit bad for Laurel, but it was troubling to let her go alone. There had
been some unsettling shadows moving outside the training area for a while now.

“Onii-sama, are you worried about something?”

Caron, holding a water bottle, suddenly asked.

I tilted my head in confusion.

“What’s wrong, out of the blue?”

“I apologize if I misunderstood. It just seemed like you looked a bit anxious.”

“...Was it really that obvious on my face?”

Ever since I reincarnated, I had been practicing my poker face, thinking it was
essential in noble society. I had quite a bit of confidence in it, but being
seen through so easily was a bit disheartening.

The reactions to my question were split.

Most of them tilted their heads in confusion or shook their heads, suggesting
they hadn't noticed my internal feelings.

On the other hand, there were some, including Caron, Minerva, Shion, Nina,
Marina, Orca, and a few of the attendants, who nodded in agreement, indicating
they had picked up on my anxiety immediately.

The members had clearly noticed something. If I wasn’t being conceited, those
who responded positively likely held feelings for me. In that case, they would
be watching my expressions closely and be sensitive to even the slightest
changes. I could accept that.

For now, it seemed my confidence wasn't misplaced. The realization that I was
merely pretending to have a poker face was embarrassing, to say the least. It
was a relief.

Just as I felt a sense of ease inside, I remembered I hadn’t answered Caron’s
earlier question. It wasn’t anything serious, so I was about to speak up when—

“Don’t mess with me!!!”

A loud voice interrupted me, cutting off my words.

In that moment, I realized the situation I had been concerned about had just
unfolded.

“I’ll talk later.”

I said a quick word of farewell to Caron and the others before heading toward
the center of the commotion, moving toward Laurel just outside the training
area.

In front of the restroom outside the training area stood Laurel, along with five
others. The core members of Club C, centered around a red-haired guy, were
present.

The situation was tense: the red-haired guy seemed ready to confront Laurel,
while the other Club C members were holding him back, and Maron stood in front
of Laurel as a shield. The air was thick with the threat of conflict.

Caron and the others, clearly taken aback by the unexpected scene, stared
wide-eyed.

I left them behind and called out to the group.

“What’s going on?”

“““““Uh!””””””

The members of Club C finally seemed to notice my presence and looked flustered.
If they were that surprised, they should have kept their distance from the
beginning. They must have known I would step in if they tried to lay a hand on
Laurel.

Suppressing a sigh, I asked again.

“What happened?”

This time, I directed my question clearly at Maron, who stood in front of
Laurel. She was sure to provide a calm report on the situation.

Maron promptly responded to my expectations.

“When Laurel-sama came out of the restroom, these individuals were lying in wait
and suddenly started harassing her. When Laurel-sama protested, the red-haired
one got furious, and that’s where we are now.”

“It's not harassment!”

The red-haired guy shouted in rebuttal to her clear and straightforward
explanation.

In response, Maron narrowed her eyes, which were only half-open, and shot him a
sharp glare.

“If it’s not harassment, then what would you call it?”

“Wha—!?”

Though her tone sounded somewhat absentminded, the emotions behind her words
were cold. The red-haired guy, just an ordinary student, found himself at a loss
for words.

For her to be this angry, he must have made quite an infuriating remark. I
wondered what exactly he had said.

Even though I felt I might regret asking, I had no other choice.

“What did he say?”

“He said, ‘It’s ridiculous that your weak club can use the training grounds
after us. You must have selled your body to that noble to get this privilege.
You only have your looks to show for it.’”

“Wow.”

I instantly regretted asking.

It was true that from an outsider's perspective, our decision to join Laurel’s
club likely seemed unnatural. Whether or not it was justified, given her
appearance, one could imagine that selling her body might have been a plausible
option.

However, throwing such an accusation directly at her was vile and showed a
complete lack of decency. No matter how much someone disliked Laurel, there were
things you simply didn't say.

Behind me, Caron and the others began to radiate murderous intent, so I
activated [Calm].

If their killing intent were allowed to manifest fully, they could easily end
the life of someone like this red-haired guy. Judging by their anger, they
weren’t likely to hold back, so I had to suppress it.

They were genuinely furious. Even after several uses of [Calm], their bloodlust
didn’t subside.

The Club C members seemed to sense the faint malice in the air, and their faces
paled. They were probably regretting their actions now, but it was far too late
for that.

Hmm, how should I handle this?

There was no reason to feel sorry for them, but simply executing the guy on the
spot felt excessive. After all, he hadn’t directly insulted me.

That said, letting this slide was also out of the question. Not only had he
indirectly tarnished Foranada’s honor, but I couldn’t ignore Caron and the
others, who were trembling with rage.

After carefully considering my options, an idea struck me.

I spoke to the Club C members in a voice laced with authority.

“I'll give you a chance to redeem yourselves. We’ll have a match of Magical
piece—your entire club versus five of us. If you win, I’ll let this go. If you
lose, your club will be suspended for the rest of the year.”

It goes without saying that they accepted the terms immediately.

<br/>

<br/>

“That’s too lenient.”

The match of _Magical Piece_ was hastily set to take place. The third training
area had been transformed into a makeshift stage, and both sides were glaring at
each other.

Since we weren't players, we were observing from a safe distance, but before the
match began, Minerva, standing beside me, voiced her concerns.

I couldn’t help but smile wryly.

“I think it’s a reasonable approach.”

“That’s not the case at all. He’s insulting you by implying that you could be
swayed by someone like him!”

“I don’t think he thought that far ahead when he made his statement.”

“Even so, someone else might interpret it that way.”

I couldn’t deny that. If this incident leaked out, it would serve as perfect
ammunition to tarnish Foranada’s reputation.

However,

“Foranada isn’t weak enough to be brought down by something like this. Besides,
this punishment is far harsher for them.”

My territory wasn’t so fragile that a petty quarrel with commoners could
undermine its strength. In fact, if anyone tried to mock us because of this
incident, I believed we would crush them as if they were asking for it.

…Though I also felt that was a bit too brutish, I could confidently say that
Minerva’s worrying scenario wouldn’t come to pass.

Moreover, this match would likely be far more brutal for Club C than any other
punishment. It was almost certain they would end up in a chaotic situation.

That’s why I had quietly enveloped the training area in an [Alternate World].
The circumstances that would unfold could very well be a problem if they leaked
outside.

The only other person who could accurately predict how this would go was Shion.
My relationship with her was the second longest after my own sister, so it was
only natural.

Minerva, Orca, and the other attendants looked at me curiously because of my
demeanor. While it would be easy to explain, I decided to let them quietly
observe the unfolding situation.

“You’ll see once you watch the match.”

At my words, everyone turned their attention to the game.

Now then. While it was certain everyone would finish the match in one piece, I
couldn’t help but wonder how much damage would occur. I was incredibly anxious
about how the match would end.

The match of _Magical Piece_ on the makeshift stage would devolve into a pure
battle of strength. Given that it was taking place on a flat ground, this was
inevitable.

Logically speaking, with nearly fifty members of Club C facing off against just
five of Caron’s group, the odds were overwhelmingly stacked against us. Even
among the top clubs, it would likely be a struggle to overcome this handicap.
The difference in numbers had a significant impact on the situation.

That said, I—no, we—weren’t worried about their defeat. With Caron and Nina
participating, the other three had trained alongside me… so I had complete
confidence.

“Now, we will begin the simplified match of _Magical Piece_. I, Shion, will be
the one to oversee the proceedings. I swear by Zex, the judgment will be
conducted fairly, so please rest assured.”

Standing between the two sides, Shion raised both arms high. As she brought them
down, the match began.

A tense silence fell over the arena for a brief moment.

—But that silence wouldn’t last long.

Crash!

A booming sound, like a massive iron weight slamming into the ground, shattered
the stillness.

The instant it reached my ears, I realized the worst-case scenario I had dreaded
had become reality.

I pressed my hand against my forehead and looked up to the sky, then glanced at
Caron.

“…I knew it.”

My expectations hadn’t been betrayed. The scene I had envisioned lay before me.

“What the hell is that…?”

“Whoa…”

The stunned voices of Minerva and Orca echoed, followed by the members of Club
C, the attendants on alert, and even Laurel and the others, who were supposed to
be on our side, began to stir. Even Nina, usually devoid of expression, had her
eyes wide open.

“W-What is that giant thing?!”

Laurel shouted in astonishment.

Due to her position on the role card, she was standing directly behind Caron.
Naturally, she was witnessing Caron’s creation up close, and the shock was
likely greater for her than anyone else.

Ignoring Laurel’s astonished reaction, Caron answered cheerfully.

“It’s a hammer.”

Indeed, what she had pulled out was a hammer.

Moreover, this wasn’t just any hammer. The handle alone was two meters long, and
combined with the head, it exceeded three meters in height. Additionally, it was
made from the fake adamantite and fake orichalcum created alongside Noma,
granting it both maximum hardness and magical conductivity, making it the
strongest hammer in the world.

The sight of Caron, who was only about half the size of the hammer, supporting
this colossal weapon created a rather bizarre atmosphere.

As I observed Caron with a sense of resignation shared among us, I was suddenly
pulled by my arm. I looked over to see Minerva raising her elegant eyebrows,
glaring at me.

“What is that?!”

“A hammer.”

“That’s not what I’m asking!”

“Come on, calm down.”

I soothed her with both hands, explaining the details of the massive hammer.
Even within Caron’s camp, it was evident that she was explaining it to everyone
herself.

After I finished explaining, Minerva buried her face in her hands.

“When you and Noma get together, you don’t make anything decent, do you…?”

“How rude! We’ve produced some useful things, too.”

“Most of what you make is just a result of goofing off. You know that the useful
stuff is mostly a coincidence, right?”

“Seriously?”

“Seriously.”

I thought I had successfully brushed it off, but it seemed I hadn’t gotten away
with it at all. It appeared that my excuses were being overlooked.

Feeling a bit embarrassed, I scratched my cheek.

“Still, that hammer wasn’t made just for fun.”

“Huh? Why not?”

“Well, you see, Caron’s close combat style relies on martial arts, right?”

Caron, with her rather rough temperament, lacked the finesse for using bladed
weapons like swords or spears. Since she couldn’t handle them well, she had been
fighting using her fists and legs.

However, while it was still efficient for temporary or self-defense situations,
relying solely on her fists for an actual _Magical Piece_ match was impractical.
So, we decided to create a dedicated weapon.

Hearing my reasoning, Orca, who had been listening attentively, nodded.

“It's true that Caron and the hammer might be a good match. If it’s just about
smashing things down, even someone clumsy can manage.”

“But did it really need to be that big or made from precious ores?”

“Now, that part was just for fun.”

“I knew it was just for fun!”

Minerva exclaimed in frustration.

But really, it couldn’t be helped. If a girl was going to fight with a hammer,
it had to be a mechanically impressive giant hammer. That’s just how it goes in
terms of fantasy.

That said, I knew that discussing this wouldn’t satisfy Minerva. She was more of
a realist by nature.

Minerva continued her tirade for a while, but gradually her fervor began to
wane. In the end, she let out a resigned sigh.

“Fine. What’s done is done. One last question: where did Caron pull that hammer
from?”

Well, that was a valid curiosity. It wasn’t every day that such a massive object
appeared out of nowhere.

“It’s from _[Phase Concealment]_.”

“Huh? Isn’t that something only you can use?”

At that, she looked on in disbelief.

She seemed more surprised than I had anticipated. Did she not know about it?

“_[Phase Concealment]_ can be activated by anyone as long as they have enough
magical power. However, the individual’s magical aptitude greatly affects its
usability, so anything other than non-attribute magic tends to be less
effective.”

This was a fact established during the initial experiments with [Phase
Concealment]. In Caron’s case, her strong fire attribute would cause anything
stored inside to ignite.

“Then why isn’t the hammer burning?”

“I mixed in fire-resistant materials, and I’ve applied [Magic Coating] to it. It
can’t last indefinitely, but if I reapply it every three days, it can remain
unscathed even when placed in Caron’s [Phase Concealment].”

This adjustment had been quite the challenge. Caron’s fire attribute was
exceptionally strong, and normal materials would quickly burn away. If I
miscalibrated the [Magic Coating], it would become difficult for Caron’s magic
to permeate, making it counterproductive. I went through numerous trial and
error iterations to get it right.

After explaining all that, Minerva wore an exasperated expression.

“I knew that, but you go all out when it comes to your sister.”

What’s that supposed to mean?

I shrugged my shoulders and glanced over at Caron and the others. They seemed to
have finished their explanations and were re-preparing themselves.

On the other hand, the members of the C Club had also managed to regain their
composure after some time had passed, though they still seemed hesitant.

“Are you ready?”

Perhaps due to having been thrown off earlier, Shion double-checked the
readiness of both teams. After confirming that both sides nodded in affirmation,
she declared the start of the match.

“Then let’s begin!”

As I watched Caron raise the enormous hammer in response to Shion’s words, I
recalled what I had told her when handing over the hammer.

“That hammer is your dedicated weapon. Use it when you want to smash your
opponent to pieces.”

“Yes, understood!”

In other words, that’s what it meant.

There was no way Caron would easily forgive those who had insulted her, not only
her close friend Laurel but even her beloved brother.

This punishment of the match would continue until her anger subsided. At worst,
she might even extend the match by healing them.

In the third training ground, the ground-shaking roar of the hammer clashing and
numerous pained screams echoed throughout.

Chapter 5-5 Training Camp (5)

Since the commotion on the first day, the training camp had proceeded without
any significant troubles. By dusk, Laurel and Yurika were utterly exhausted but
wore satisfied expressions, so there was no issue.

The only other noise had come just before bed. The rooms were divided by gender,
but the members other than Caron were astonished by Orca’s room assignments. It
seemed they had misjudged the situation.

I mean, it was odd for anyone to be surprised, especially since Laurel and
Yurika were already in the know. Orca was quite the formidable presence.

And so, the training camp reached its final night. The match against the top
club would begin around noon the next day.

Marina, Laurel, and Yurika’s progress was generally on track. Given their
abilities compared to the opponents identified in prior research, they would
likely be able to keep up. With Caron and Nina’s support added to the mix, we
should be able to put up a good fight.

By the way, the match against the top club would use an actual stage, so it
wouldn’t turn into a hammer-fueled slaughter. Rest assured.

Now, shifting topics.

On the night before the club's fate would be decided, I found myself on the
rooftop of the training dorm. It was a flat space enclosed by a railing—a place
reminiscent of a rooftop in my past life—overlooking the academy grounds far
below.

Leaning against one of the railings, I gazed down at a spot a little away from
the building.

There stood Laurel, holding her magical auxiliary staff, repeatedly practicing
her debuff spells.

This had been going on since the first day of camp… or rather, it was likely a
routine she’d established since the match against the top club had been decided.
I had seen her engaged in independent training before, so it was easy to imagine
this.

The reason I was there was to ensure she didn’t overtrain.

Well, she had never fallen ill up to this point, and I had been watching over
her throughout the camp, but she had consistently known when to call it a day.
It seemed she had a good sense of moderation, so my presence was more of a
precaution.

As I watched Laurel practice with her serious expression, another presence
arrived on the rooftop.

“It’s Caron.”

The voice resonated in the night’s tranquility. My murmured words seemed to
reach Caron as she appeared from the entrance.

“Good evening, Onii-sama. What are you doing here?”

“Good evening, Caron. Just watching over her.”

I replied briefly, gesturing towards Laurel below.

As the wind tousled her golden hair, Caron walked over to me. She then leaned
lightly over the railing to peer down.

She wore a look of understanding.

“I hadn’t seen you in the room, so I wondered what you were up to.”

“I’ve been watching her practice since the first day of camp.”

“Laurel-san has stronger feelings about this match than anyone else.”

Caron’s gaze as she looked at Laurel was filled with warmth. It wasn’t exactly
maternal—it felt like a slight envy mixed in. More than anything, it seemed she
found joy in being able to help her passionate friend. That was the vibe I got.

It appeared my intuition had been correct.

“Onii-sama. I’m really enjoying this moment.”

Out of the blue, she expressed her thoughts.

“Being able to passionately dedicate ourselves to something together with you
and everyone else makes me wish this moment could last forever. I’ve enjoyed
Magical Piece for some time, but watching Laurel-san makes me more invested than
ever. It might be a bit uncouth, but I can’t help but revel in this time spent
having fun with friends.”

"There's nothing shameful about it."

Hearing Caron’s passionate words, I couldn't help but smile.

I felt genuinely happy knowing that my beloved sister was enjoying her youth. It
was worth the effort she put into participating in club activities amidst her
busy schedule.

Actually, it might have been good that this was a weak club.

Laurel's enthusiasm for Magical Piece was genuine. Being by her side as she
worked hard naturally transmitted that passion to me. It made me want to put in
effort as well. As a result, the club thrived, leading to more fun.

At first, I regretted getting caught up with such a troublesome bunch, but now I
could give the opposite evaluation. "Thank you for adding color to Caron and the
others’ youth," I whispered to myself.

Before long, it seemed Laurel had finished her practice. She stored her staff
and wiped the sweat from her brow with a towel around her neck.

In that moment, our eyes met.

Though there was a fair distance between us, it seemed she recognized my
presence and scratched her cheek awkwardly.

“Hehe, she caught us,” she said with a laugh, reminiscent of a child caught in a
prank.

“Can’t be helped. Since we’re here, let’s go say hi.”

“Yes!”

Caron laughed like a mischievous child whose prank had been discovered.

I couldn’t help but smile back, suggesting we go greet Laurel. I had only
planned to watch over her, but now that I’d been found out, it would be rude to
leave without saying anything.

Since Caron seemed agreeable, we decided to use [Phase Connection] to move
closer.

“Did you watch me the whole time?” Laurel asked, furrowing her brow when Caron
and I showed our faces.

Caron responded, “I only came in partway. Onii-sama was watching from the very
beginning, right?”

“Yeah. I watched the whole time during camp.”

“Really…?”

As I nodded, Laurel covered her face with her hands. Though it was dim, I could
tell her cheeks were bright red. She was blushing.

“There’s no need to be embarrassed. Practicing on your own without anyone
telling you to is commendable.”

“Exactly. After all that training, to still practice on your own is no small
feat. You should be proud of yourself!”

In response to our mixed surprise and praise, Laurel lowered her gaze and
fidgeted with her fingers.

“Well, it’s just embarrassing. It’s not cool to be seen thinking, ‘Aren’t I so
cool practicing on my own while hiding?’”

“Is that what you were thinking?”

“Ah!”

After my comment exposed her thought, Laurel’s eyes widened. She trembled with a
mix of embarrassment and laughter, then sank down, hugging her head with her
arms.

“Kill me! Someone, please kill me!”

While uttering such ridiculous words, she began to writhe in shame.

<br/>

<br/>

Additionally, Caron chimed in, “Onii-sama, I think Laurel is cute.”

[^keisaku]:
    A flat wooden stick used in Zen meditation to correct a practitioner's
    posture or alert them when they lose focus.
