# Chapter 2: Club Activities

During the last homeroom of the day in our classroom, there was an announcement
from our homeroom teacher, Merla-san.

"Starting tomorrow, first-year students like yourselves will be allowed to
participate in club activities. Participation is entirely voluntary, so please
make your decision carefully. Additionally, you'll be allowed to observe or try
out clubs until the beginning of next month, so feel free to take your time if
you're undecided."

Club activities at this academy aren't much different from those in my previous
life. The only major difference is that since there are no other schools around,
it feels a bit more casual.

After all, even if there's a tournament, it's just competing against fellow
students.

Of course, depending on the club, some activities—like the swordsmanship
club—could help with future employment.

As the teacher said, participation isn't mandatory. There are people like me who
are too busy for that sort of thing.

In other words, if it were just me, I wouldn't join a club. I don't see the
point beyond some occasional relaxation, and even for that, hanging out with
Caron and the others would be far more meaningful.

That said, the decision lies with Caron and the others.

I've already given them plenty of free time. Even Orca, who helps with some of
my work, has had his workload reduced since before we enrolled. It was all so
they could fully enjoy their time here. Leaving the option to join a club was
part of that.

If Caron and the others want to join a club, I'd be more than happy to support
them.

But first, we'll need to look around and see what's out there.

"Tomorrow, let's check out a few clubs."

As I said this on our way home, Caron tilted her head.

"Are you sure that's alright?"

"Of course. Whether you join or not is up to you, but trying things out is
always a good idea."

"You're right, Onii-sama. It's a rare opportunity, after all."

Caron, having listened to my suggestion, seemed enthusiastic. She's naturally
curious, so I’m sure she’ll make the most of this opportunity.

The others didn't seem opposed either.

"Clubs, huh? How many are there again?"

"I'm pretty sure the pamphlet we got before enrolling listed them."

"There are exactly 102,037 listed," Shion chimed in.

"…Shion, you're way too prepared."

"No way, that's way too many!"

"It's probably because some of the more popular clubs have sub-groups. When too
many people want to join, they likely form offshoots."

"Minerva-sama is right. The largest club is the Swordsmanship Club, with over a
hundred sub-groups."

"Wow, sounds like the hierarchy must be brutal."

"If I’m going to join a club, I’d prefer something a bit more laid-back."

"Same."

The girls, including Orca, were having a lively discussion.

Still, over 100,000 clubs? I never realized there were that many. In the
original game, clubs were more of a side mission, so I never paid much attention
to the total number. Whenever I joined a club, it was usually as one of the
top-tier members.

With so many options, just exploring them could be a lot of fun. Looks like our
school life is about to get a bit more exciting for the foreseeable future.The
following day, after school, we met up with Marina, who was in a different
class, and as planned, we set out to tour some clubs.

Since today marked the first day first-years could join clubs, the school
grounds were buzzing with more energy than usual. Everywhere you looked,
upperclassmen were holding signs or props, promoting their clubs.

The atmosphere wasn’t too different from what I remembered in my past life.

Feeling a strange sense of nostalgia, I turned to Caron.

“Do you have a plan for which clubs we’ll visit first?”

“Yes. I thought we could each choose one club we’re interested in, and we’ll
visit them one by one.”

“Got it. So, five clubs total. Shouldn’t take more than a day or two.”

“Exactly.”

“So, whose club are we visiting first?”

“Um, m-me! It’s my turn first!”

Marina raised her hand with a slightly offbeat tone, looking nervous.

Right. She always gets flustered whenever she talks to me, even though she
usually speaks in a relaxed manner.

We all chuckled at her sudden shift in demeanor but listened as she spoke.

“I-I’d like to visit the ‘Cooking Club’!”

“That's such a Marina choice,” Orca commented.

“Yeah, Marina’s great at cooking,” Nina added, both of them nodding in approval.
The others, too, seemed to agree with knowing smiles.

Marina was skilled at all kinds of household chores, and she had a particular
passion for cooking. She was getting better and better by the day, even
attending cooking lessons with Noma occasionally. It was no surprise that the
first club she chose was the Cooking Club.

“The Cooking Club’s room is this way. It’s a bit of a distance, so we should
take the carriage,” Shion said, taking the lead. As usual, her knowledge of the
school’s layout was impressive, and she confidently guided us without
hesitation.

While everyone else followed her, one person stood still with a conflicted
expression.

That person was Minerva.

It was understandable. Minerva was talented in many areas, but the one thing she
couldn’t handle was cooking. She had once tried to bake a cake for my birthday,
but it had ended in a disastrous failure.

Because of that, she wasn’t keen on visiting the Cooking Club. Minerva had a lot
of pride and probably didn’t want others to know about her weakness. Last time,
only Shion, the head chef, and I had witnessed her cooking disaster, but this
time, she couldn’t avoid it.

“Minerva.”

“W-What?”

Though she was clearly flustered, she responded in her usual assertive tone.

Her ability to keep up her strong front even when she was filled with anxiety
was impressive in its own way. Still, I wished she could be a bit more honest
with herself.

Suppressing a wry smile, I made her an offer.

“How about you and I go check out a different club?”

“Huh?”

“You know… I might be a distraction if I barge into the Cooking Club uninvited.
But being alone is kind of boring, so I thought I’d drag my fiancée along for
company.”

Close one. I got so caught up in trying to help Minerva that I didn’t properly
think through why we’d split off. The excuse I came up with was a bit
rushed—hopefully, it didn’t sound unnatural.

Hiding my nervousness, I glanced at her reaction.

At first, Minerva stared at me with wide eyes, but soon, her expression
softened, and she broke into a soft, melodic laugh.

"Hehe, if you're going to cover for me, at least come up with a better excuse
that doesn't give it away so easily," she laughed softly.

As expected, she had seen right through my intentions. It was embarrassing.

Feeling a bit awkward, I scratched the back of my head and looked away from her.

"I didn't have time to think of anything better."

"Even so, there must have been a less obvious excuse you could’ve come up with,"
she chuckled, clearly finding the whole situation amusing.

Minerva’s laughter didn’t die down for a while—about thirty seconds, give or
take—until she finally gave me a bright, refreshed smile.

"Thanks for worrying about me. But come on, everyone’s waiting for us over
there. Let’s go."

Sure enough, a little distance away, the others were waiting, discreetly keeping
an eye on us without intruding.

"You sure about this?"

Considering how much she had resisted earlier, I didn’t think there was any need
for her to force herself to come along.

But Minerva shook her head.

"It’s fine. It’s not like me to keep running away from reality. A weakness is
something you overcome. Running away isn’t something my pride would allow!"

With a defiant puff of her chest, she exuded confidence and determination,
completely different from the hesitant girl of just moments ago.

She was truly strong—no matter the challenge, she would always turn adversity
into fuel for her own spirit. I couldn’t help but feel that someone as amazing
as her was almost too good for me.

Then, with a teasing glint in her eyes, Minerva added, "You better be ready to
protect me if things get tough, my dear fiancé."

Caught off guard by her wink, I stood there for a second, a little dumbfounded,
before breaking into a smile of my own.

"Your wish is my command, my princess.”

<br/>

<br/>

It seemed that the _Culinary Club_ was quite popular, divided into several
branches depending on the type of cuisine they specialized in. The only common
thread among them was that most of the members were commoner girls.

It made sense. After all, noble children typically didn’t engage in household
chores. Those tasks were the domain of servants, and nobles weren’t supposed to
take away their work. The few nobles who could cook were usually either _sweets
lovers_ who dabbled in it out of personal interest, or _eccentric types_ who
enjoyed commoner pastimes.

As for our group, the only ones with cooking skills were myself, Marina, and
Shion. Unsurprisingly, the other nobles in our group were helpless when it came
to household chores.

Perhaps that’s why, as soon as we entered the _Culinary Club’s_ (home cooking
branch) kitchen, Caron and the others couldn’t help but look around in awe. The
kitchen in a noble's estate or mansion was much more sophisticated compared to
this one, which was designed for commoner-style cooking. To put it bluntly, the
equipment here was not as high-end.

Why did we choose the home cooking branch out of all the options? It was partly
because this was where Marina excelled, but also because we thought it would be
a good chance to experience something different from our usual lives.

"U-Um, t-today, th-th-these guests are here to, um, t-take a look around.
P-Please give them a warm w-welcome,"

The club president stuttered nervously.

After her awkward introduction, a faint sound of clapping followed—though the
atmosphere in the room was pretty dead.

As I mentioned earlier, the _Culinary Club_ was mostly made up of commoner
girls. Naturally, having nobles show up at their doorstep would make them feel
uneasy. The fact that they managed to talk at all showed how brave they were.

Seeing how tense the club members were, Caron and the others could only offer
strained smiles in return. We just wanted them to act naturally, but it was hard
to know what to say in a situation like this.

The awkward silence stretched on for a moment, but then someone stepped up to
break the ice.

"President, your face is all stiff. Smi~le. Come on, give us a smile!"

It was Marina, who had been standing with the rest of us but had quietly moved
up to the club president’s side. With a warm, friendly grin, she pulled the
corners of her own mouth up with her fingers and said, "Smi~le" again.

"Y-You are…?"

"My name’s Marina. I’m one of the students here to visit the club, just like
Caron and the others. Oh, and I’m a commoner. I love cooking, so I wanted to
check this place out."

"I-I see…"

The club president, overwhelmed by nerves, seemed at a loss for how to respond
to Marina’s sudden introduction.

Undeterred, Marina continued.

"Caron and the others are my friends, and I was the one who invited them to come
visit. I thought it’d be a great opportunity."

With that statement, the rest of the club members shot sharp glances at Marina,
as if saying, _So it’s your fault_! But, as always, Marina didn’t seem bothered
in the slightest and kept smiling.

After pausing for a brief moment, she spoke again.

"Caron and the others are really kind people. They became friends with a
commoner like me and even accepted my invitation to visit. So, please don’t be
scared of them. You wouldn’t want someone to dislike you for no reason, right?"

"Well…"

"It’s just for today, but I’d be really happy if we could all get along."

"...Yes, you’re right."

Somehow, Marina’s soft, gentle manner had eased the tension in the room. While
not completely gone, the atmosphere had lightened, and the stiffness that had
gripped the club members was starting to melt away.

"Amazing, isn’t she?"

"Yeah, no kidding."

I couldn’t help but agree with Shion’s impressed comment.

Once again, I was reminded of Marina’s incredible communication skills. In just
a few minutes of conversation, she had completely softened the fear the
'Culinary Club' members felt toward the nobles. While it was fortunate that she
used her talents for good, I couldn’t help but think that if she ever chose to
misuse them, she’d make a frighteningly effective instigator. It was a chilling
thought.

After that, we all got to participate in the cooking experience under the
guidance of the club members. The menu was a simple vegetable soup, and thanks
to Marina, we were able to proceed without any problems.

That said, as with any hands-on activity, individual skill levels soon became
apparent.

“How’s this look?”

“Adventurer’s essential skill.”

Orca, who was naturally dexterous, and Nina, who had some experience cooking at
campsites, both managed to produce decent results. Their soups looked and tasted
average, with little difference from what the other club members made.

However, since it was Orca’s first time cooking, everyone around him was shocked
by how well he did. People were murmuring things like, "This guy’s a hidden
talent," and "If she hones this skill, she’ll be the perfect wife material!"

I missed my chance to correct them, but… Orca’s a guy, you know?

Meanwhile, Caron and Minerva…

“Hmm, why does it keep burning?”

“…Sigh.”

Caron was tilting her head in confusion, staring at the inedible mess she had
created, while Minerva let out a long sigh as she examined the solid lump of…
something in her hands. Beside them, the club member who had been guiding them
looked utterly defeated.

I decided to keep my mouth shut. If I said anything here, this entire kitchen
might end up in ashes.

Well, Minerva is at least somewhat aware of her own shortcomings, but Caron…
Caron should never be allowed near a kitchen again. If she ever tries to
surprise me with a “homemade” gift, I’m pretty sure it’ll end up being a deadly
poison. I’ll have to make sure everyone is aware of this.

And so, the 'Culinary Club' tour came to a close, more or less without incident.

For the record, I ended up taste-testing all of the soup they made during the
cooking experience. I managed to compliment each one of them with a smile, and I
have to say, I’m pretty proud of myself for that.

Our next stop was the 'Chess Club', as per Orca's request. Apparently, there
were several different branches of the club, each organized by skill level and
seriousness. Orca had chosen one of the top clubs.

That’s because Orca has been a fan of board games for as long as I can remember,
and lately, he’s been seriously into chess. With his natural intelligence, he’s
been crushing me in every game we play.

Well, I only manage to do well academically because of my cheat-like memories
from my previous life, so it makes sense that I can’t beat a true genius in a
game of pure strategy.

Unlike the 'Culinary Club', this group was made up entirely of nobles. While
strategic games like chess were becoming more popular among commoners thanks to
the influence of Yudai the Hero, they were still largely dominated by the
nobility.

The tour involved playing against members of the club, and we were each assigned
an opponent.

Or so I thought.

“My deepest apologies, but there are only four members available to play. We
won’t be able to accommodate all of you,” said one of the members, bowing
apologetically.

It seemed that getting a chance to play against top-tier opponents was a popular
activity.

“If you wish, we could end their matches early,” the member offered.

“No, that won’t be necessary. We’ll narrow it down to four players,” I replied.

It might just be a board game, but it wouldn’t feel right to use my influence
for something so trivial. If I and one other person sit out, it should be fine.

I glanced at the others, and Marina timidly raised her hand.

“I-I’ll sit this one out. I’m not very good at games, and, um, playing against
nobles makes me a little nervous.”

She seemed to have picked up on the atmosphere.

Given the pride of the nobles in this top-tier club, it was probably a wise
decision for her to step back.

Impressed by Marina’s judgment, I turned to the remaining four.

“Alright, then. You four, go ahead and have fun.”

“I feel a bit bad about leaving you behind, Onii-sama, but… I understand. I
shall go now.”

“I’ll definitely win, so watch me!”

“I will give it my all.”

“Hmph. You might as well sit back and enjoy watching.”

Each of them gave their own response and took their assigned seats.

All four of them, including Orca, were fairly experienced with these types of
games. It would be interesting to see how they fare against the seasoned club
members.

“Well then, let’s cheer them on,” I said.

“Understood,” Shion replied with a polite bow.

“Y-Yes, sir!” Marina answered with a slightly nervous tone.

<br/>

<br/>

After a while, the outcomes of the four games started to become clear.

First up were Caron and Nina.

While both were smart, going up against specialists proved to be tough. They
were struggling, taking a long time to make each move. At this rate, defeat was
inevitable. Thankfully, neither of them seemed overly invested in winning.

Next was Minerva.

Her match followed a similar pattern. She had a few good moments, but overall,
she was on the defensive. Unlike the other two, Minerva has a competitive
streak, so she was putting up a solid fight. Since she was still in a position
where she could turn things around, I hoped she wouldn’t give up.

Finally, there was Orca. Unlike the others, he was in the lead. His opponent was
supposedly one of the club’s top members, but Orca showed no signs of being
rattled. In fact, he was pressing forward relentlessly.

Their match was so intense that the other club members gathered to watch. Every
move the two players made was met with murmurs of awe and admiration from the
spectators.

As I observed the serious atmosphere around Orca and his opponent, Marina, who
didn’t really understand the game, nodded in amazement.

“Wow… I don’t really get it, but I can tell it’s impressive,” she said.

“As expected of Orca,” I replied.

This was Orca’s true potential. I’d suspected as much, given how well he handled
the administrative tasks I’d assigned him, but seeing it again in this context
was still impressive. Even if you’ve put in the effort, it’s not easy to go
toe-to-toe with people who practice regularly against other top-level players.
It was only thanks to his remarkable intelligence that he could hold his own in
a match like this.

Seeing how smart he was, it made sense how, in the original game, Orca had
managed to overthrow his own family. I couldn’t help but feel both admiration
and exasperation in equal measure.

While I was watching the four games, I sensed a familiar presence approaching.

“Hm?”

At first, I thought nothing of it, but whoever it was seemed to be heading
straight for me. I couldn’t shake the feeling that trouble was brewing.

“Well, what a coincidence. Good day, Zex. Are you here to observe the Chess Club
as well?” came a voice from behind me.

I turned around to find exactly who I’d expected—Arianorth, the First Princess
of the kingdom. With her golden hair and pale blue eyes, she gave off her usual
cool smile and piercingly sharp gaze, a combination that always felt a bit
intimidating.

Even though she’d come straight for me, she still had the nerve to pretend it
was just a coincidence.

“Your Highness, good day. Yes, my younger brother wanted to visit this club. Are
you here to observe as well?” I replied.

“Indeed. I dabble in chess from time to time,” she said with a slight smile.

Dabble, huh?

I had to work hard to keep my exasperation from showing on my face.

In the original game, there was an event where Arianorth went on a rampage,
defeating famous chess masters one after another. Her chess skills were far
beyond the level of any professional, so this was clearly an understatement.

After exchanging some pleasantries, I glanced at the person standing behind
Arianorth.

During class, Arianorth usually interacted with her classmates—mostly the
Hero—but today, she was accompanied by a student I didn’t recognize. The girl
had short, greenish-blue hair and brown eyes.

With her tall, 180-centimeter frame, androgynous features, and the slacks she
was wearing, I almost mistook her for a man. However, from her build and the
subtlety of her movements, I realized she was female. She was most likely one of
Arianorth’s bodyguards. It wasn’t uncommon for students to have such personnel
assigned to them.

It seemed my assumption was correct. Noticing where I was looking, the First
Princess spoke.

“By the way, it seems you two haven’t met before. Let me introduce you to Zex.
This is my childhood friend and my personal knight, Louise.”

“I am Louise Sepharume de Tali Courtleon. I’m a year above Princess Arianorth
and the Count, but I look forward to working with you,” she said.

“The pleasure is mine. It’s an honor to meet you, Lady Courtleon,” I replied.

We exchanged noble greetings and shook hands.

Hmm. Judging by her muscular build and the flow of magical energy, she seemed to
be a magic knight focused on swordsmanship. Her training appeared to be
well-balanced. With her level nearing 40, she likely had no peers among her
contemporaries. She complemented the completely defensive Arianorth well, which
justified her role as a bodyguard.

“However, this is quite troublesome. Although we came all this way, it seems
we’re already at full capacity,”

Arianorth remarked, placing a hand on her cheek as she surveyed the room.

As she said, all the club members were engaged with someone or another. Unless
they forcibly cleared a seat, no one would be available to play against
Arianorth.

“There’s an empty chessboard, though… Ah! Zex!”

Arianorth said, her expression brightening.

“Yes, Your Highness?” I asked.

“Would you play a match against me?” she proposed.

I widened my eyes slightly at Arianorth’s unexpected offer.

Her suggestion was completely out of the blue.

Being a rational thinker, her proposal undoubtedly carried some ulterior motive.
But I couldn’t decipher her true intentions. I had no idea what the benefit
would be for her.

At the same time, refusing was no easy task.

After all, she was royalty, and the offer was merely for a game of chess.
Regardless of any hidden motives, the surrounding people wouldn’t question it,
especially since I couldn’t grasp the reasoning behind it. If I were to decline,
it would surely create tension.

While I no longer needed to care about how others perceived me, taking on
unnecessary risks wasn’t the best decision either.

What should I do? It was a straightforward request, leaving me little time to
think.

“...Very well. I accept,” I said finally.

In the end, I chose to play chess with Arianorth. A significant factor in my
decision was that I couldn’t come up with a plausible excuse to refuse. I hoped
that since it was just a board game, it wouldn’t lead to any serious blunders.

She smiled softly.

“Thank you. Then, shall we begin at once?”

With an elegant motion, she settled herself at a nearby seat, her golden hair
shimmering. Louise took her position behind Arianorth.

I followed her lead, ready to take my seat.

<br/>

<br/>

I followed her lead and prepared to take my seat.

Just then,

“O-Oh, Your Highness…”

Marina, who had been silent and reading the atmosphere, spoke up with an anxious
tone.

She seemed bewildered by the sudden match against a member of the royal family.
As a true commoner, she was clearly struggling to keep up with the whirlwind of
developments.

I offered her a reassuring smile.

“Don’t worry about me; just support Caron and the others.”

“Yes, of course,” she replied.

“And Shion, I’m fine on my end. I’d like you to keep an eye on Marina and
Caron.”

“Understood,” Shion said, following my instructions like a loyal attendant.

Finally, I settled into my seat opposite Arianorth.

“Thank you for waiting,” I said.

“Not at all; it’s no trouble,” she replied.

We faced the chessboard that had already been set up and began our game.

The opening proceeded smoothly and quickly, following standard openings. We
moved our pieces almost instantaneously, despite some commotion from the
spectators, which I chose to ignore.

Before long, we reached the mid-game, and the pace of play slowed for the first
time. It was just a few minutes of pause, but it was clear the game speed had
relaxed.

Feeling the weight of the wait or perhaps having intended this from the start,
Arianorth suddenly murmured during my turn.

“By the way, it seems that ‘Leaf’ has made its way into the capital.”

“…”

I felt my eyebrows twitch involuntarily.

“Leaf” was the slang term for a certain drug. Its formal name was “Mana Leaf
Catastrophe.” While it temporarily increased magical power and effectiveness, it
also had a high potential for addiction and a heavy toll on the body. Naturally,
it was classified as an illegal drug in surrounding nations, and merely
possessing it would lead to severe penalties.

What she mentioned was true. Among the merchants who entered the capital early
this morning was someone who had been hiding “Leaf.” One of my subordinates had
apprehended him while he was making deals in the slums.

But how did she know this? The capture had only occurred this morning, and I was
the only one who received the report aside from Wiemlay. Wiemlay had likely
shared the information with the royal court, but with such sensitive matters, it
was customary to keep them confined to higher-ups at first. There was no way
Arianorth should have known this so soon.

Even if she had her own information network, she was still attending the
academy. What means had she employed to uncover this?

Revealing a glimpse of her intelligence network in such a mundane moment was a
cunning move meant to instill fear.

Louise had likely cast a counterintelligence barrier in that instant, so only
the three of us—her, Arianorth, and I—could hear our conversation.

While she wore a friendly mask around Caron and the others, it seemed she had no
intention of hiding her rationality from me.

“Oh, do you not put on a mask for me?” I asked, maintaining a smile as I moved
one of my pieces, passing the turn to Arianorth.

She gazed at the board, contemplating her next move before speaking.

“I judged it to be impractical to play the role of the ‘kind-hearted saint’
around you, Zex. Regardless of the facade I wear, you remain highly vigilant.
You are already aware of my true nature, are you not?”

As she moved her piece, Arianorth’s pale lavender eyes narrowed, piercing into
me.

The chilling, ice-like gaze sent shivers down my spine, revealing her essence.

“Well then, how about it? I could never begin to imagine the depths of your
thoughts, Your Highness.”

I replied ambiguously, deflecting with a vague answer as I moved my piece.

It was true that I couldn't grasp her intentions. As a mere ordinary person, I
couldn't possibly fathom the thoughts of a true genius.

However, I had a vague sense of Arianorth's true nature.

With my ability to read emotions through mental magic, I could easily perceive
her feelings as well.

Her emotions were flawless. When she was happy, she expressed joy that was
almost infectious, and when she was sad, she displayed such profound sorrow that
it invoked sympathy. Her emotional nuances were completely impeccable, ideal
even.

…But such a thing was impossible. In the realm of human emotions, where
contradictions abound, there could be no such thing as ideal or perfect.

Initially, I had been thoroughly deceived, but as we met more frequently, I
became certain. Arianorth was capable of controlling her emotions. I realized
that she was a monster who could manipulate the delicate workings of the heart
at will.

Perhaps, in the original game, she didn’t truly love the protagonist, Yudai. She
had likely acted as if she loved him, as it was a rational decision for the
prosperity of her nation.

If one can perform in a way that makes them appear more lovable than others, it
was no wonder she secured the top spot in popularity polls. After all, she had
been playing the ideal role that her counterpart expected. The discomfort I had
felt in my previous life was indeed valid.

Upon hearing my response, Arianorth smiled softly. However, it was a mere
façade; there was no inflection in her voice, and her emotions remained eerily
calm.

“Zex, you are truly an interesting person. I find you incredibly fascinating.”

“That’s… quite an honor,” I replied.

“Since you’ve entertained me so well, allow me to express my gratitude with a
small gift.”

Suddenly, Arianorth made this declaration.

Her unfathomable words put me on high alert, instinctively bracing myself
internally.

Unaware of my inner turmoil, she continued.

“This is a continuation of our earlier discussion. I find the recent importation
of ‘Leaf’ somewhat suspicious.”

“Suspicious, you say?”

From what I had heard in my subordinate’s report regarding the capture, it
didn’t seem to indicate a major incident.

As if sensing my skepticism, Arianorth shrugged her shoulders.

“I have no concrete evidence, but it could be related to events concerning the
Forest Kingdom. Rumor has it that things have been quite chaotic in that region
lately. If I recall correctly, the merchant who brought ‘Leaf’ came from that
direction.”

“…”

She had set a preventive line beforehand, and her basis was indeed flimsy.
However, just her suggestion alone gave me a sense that this was more than just
a simple drug case. A complex mix of vague emotions began to well up within me.

As I found myself furrowing my brows, Arianorth suddenly spoke up.

“Check. You’ll be in checkmate within ten moves.”

“Huh?”

Snapping back to reality, I surveyed the chessboard before me.

Arianorth’s assertion was accurate; I faced defeat within the next ten moves.
There were ways to evade it, but they wouldn’t be particularly graceful, and it
would undoubtedly turn into a messy exchange.

When had this situation been created? I had been completely led into this trap.

I let out a sigh.

“I concede.”

“Yes. Thank you for the match,” she replied.

At that moment, her smile felt extremely infuriating.

<br/>

<br/>

The following afternoon after school.

Yesterday, I had cut short my visit to the Chess Club. I had spent more time
than expected at the two club visits.

“So, whose suggestion are we starting with today?”

We still had Caron, Nina, and Minerva left.

At my words, the three exchanged glances for some reason.

Then Caron responded with a wry smile.

“Actually, all three of us recommended the same club.”

It seemed they had all chosen the same club.

However, that wasn't a problem. After all, it was just a club visit.

“Then let’s go there. Which club is it?”

“Onii-sama, It’s the ‘Magical Piece Club.”

“The Magical Piece Club, as in that one?”

“Yes, that’s the one.”

Receiving Caron's confirmation, I felt a bit exasperated.

The Magical Piece Club is a game that gamifies magical combat. It takes place
within a designated area, and teams compete according to predetermined roles.
You could say it’s like a board game with pieces replaced by people. Hence, it’s
called Magical Piece.

In reality, I was the one who developed this game along with Noma.

While it was fine to spread the games from my previous life in this world like a
hero, I thought it lacked flair. So I decided to embark on developing a game
that utilized magic unique to this world.

As a result, like with Magiden Magikuru, I ended up creating something quite
elaborate. It was impossible to recreate without mental magic or earth elemental
magic, and I had concealed its mechanics so they couldn't be analyzed. The
contents of the tools used in the Magical Piece were a treasure trove of
overtechnology.

Well, due to the effort I put into it, it became a massive hit within Foranada
Castle. Of course, Caron and the others, as well as my subordinates, play
Magical Piece during their breaks. Even though it’s been four or five years, its
popularity hasn’t waned at all.

That’s why I was exasperated. We had played it so much in Foranada, yet here we
were about to play it at the academy too.

By the way, the reason we can play Magical Piece at the academy is that a
complete set of tools is available for sale.

If I recall correctly, when I let Wiemlay know about the Magical Piece, he had
begged me to sell it. Of course, I had taken thorough measures against
information leaks and theft. So far, there have been no incidents of that sort.

But I digress.

In response to my reaction, the three who recommended the Magical Piece Club
wore sheepish expressions.

“W-well, since it’s a chance to play with outsiders…”

“It gets boring if it’s just our own people.”

“Yeah, a fresh perspective is needed!”

“Well, if you all are satisfied, that’s fine by me.”

In Foranada, it would end up being a battle against the members currently
present or a handicap match against my subordinates. I could understand Caron's
point.

Suddenly, a question crossed my mind.

“By the way, what’s the player population for this game at the academy? I’ve
seen several requests for additional supplies and repairs, so it’s clear it’s
quite popular.”

At that question, Shion replied.

“It seems to be a very popular game not just among the students but also among
the teachers. Currently, it's growing rapidly, almost rivaling the Swordsmanship
Club in the number of members.”

“Seriously!?”

I stared in astonishment.

While it made sense for the Swordsmanship Club to be advantageous for employment
as knights, who would have imagined that a simple game club could expand to such
levels? Especially since I was the one who created it.

It’s a relatively straightforward game, after all. I had prepared a few special
rules to keep things from getting stale, but still.

Perhaps the people in this world are more starved for entertainment than I
thought. Who knows, maybe a professional league for Magical Piece will be
established soon.

“If it’s that popular, there might be unique strategies being developed at the
academy. That’s why I want to try it out.”

Minerva said this with an excited expression.

When she put it that way, I couldn’t help but empathize. It would be a lie to
say I wasn’t curious about what kinds of tactics were being developed in a game
I created.

I shrugged my shoulders.

“Alright, let’s go.”

Upon hearing my response, the other members showed expressions of great joy. It
seemed they were really eager to go.

I had thought the academy grounds were vast, but I was surprised to find there
was even a stadium dedicated to Magical Piece.

“Is this for long games?”

I couldn’t help but be astonished at the sight.

The game stage was enormous. It featured two mountains, as well as recreated
forests, rivers, and grasslands. It was truly a miniature version of the great
outdoors. As I mentioned earlier, it was clear that long games requiring
survival skills could easily be executed here.

Moreover, there were reports of other stages of similar scale with different
settings. I was at a loss for words.

Given that the game itself could be enjoyed as a short game, it seemed that the
players were thoroughly engrossed in it.

We had come to visit the top club team, which was drawing an enormous crowd
thanks to the popularity of the game. It looked like there were several thousand
people here today alone.

As expected, they couldn’t accommodate this many participants, so a selection
process was in place. The top-performing students and nobles were given
priority, while those lower in rank were cut from the roster.

This was unavoidable. While Magical Piece allowed for setting upper limits on
abilities, it couldn’t elevate anyone's base skills. The competition inevitably
required genuine talent.

We passed through without any issues. Marina almost got excluded, but being with
me, a count, meant she was treated as an exception.

It seemed the participants had been narrowed down to about a hundred. In front
of us, a male student from the third year stepped forward.

“I am Jet Shistnal Yu Ga San Woroil, the eldest son of the Woroil family’s
branch, and the president of this top club. In other words, I am the strongest
among those who enjoy Magical Piece. Hmph!”

The man named Jet dramatically tossed his bangs aside.

Wow, this guy sure has a strong character.

“Welcome to the remaining outstanding students. We of the ‘Magical Piece Top
Club’ encourage you all to make me your goal and engage in healthy competition!”

His laughter echoed around us like a booming proclamation.

The students, including us who were observing, were left speechless by his
speech.

Suddenly, I heard Caron mutter.

“Onii-sama, I dislike that person.”

“Ah, yeah. I can see why.”

It was unusual for her to express such a direct dislike for someone, but I
understood.

Jet was definitely the narcissistic type. Caron likely found him reminiscent of
her own parents, whom she had also disliked for similar reasons.

“Calm down; it’s just a trial membership.”

“Yes…”

I gently patted Caron’s back, encouraging her to relax.

She took a small breath and began to cool the heat that had built up inside her.

Then Minerva, who had been watching our exchange, spoke up.

“Still, what that narcissist said isn’t entirely wrong. He is, after all, the
leader of the top club.”

“That’s true. At the very least, I think he’s one of the stronger students at
the academy,”

Orca agreed with her.

Yeah, I could agree on that point.

“It seems he’s not just all talk.”

From what I could observe, he was undeniably stronger than most of the other
students I had encountered. The only one who might compare was Louise, who
served as Ariarnote’s bodyguard.

Given his bold proclamations, it wasn’t surprising; unlike our parents, he was a
narcissist with real skills to back it up.

As we chatted about this, Jet finished his speech, and the schedule for the
observers was announced.

“Nothing beats experiencing things firsthand! So, we’ll have the new students
play Magical Piece right now!”

What? They’re having us play the game right away? Are they serious?

“The rules will be a basic short game. You’ll be divided into teams of five to
battle it out!”

It seemed they were serious. Right after Jet's announcement, the other club
members began guiding the new students into forming teams.

Since this was a basic rule set, it meant they would fight until one side was
completely defeated—a classic format. They would be using full teams as well. It
was a straightforward set of rules for beginners.

There were exactly five people… so Caron and the others should be fine.

“Well then, Shion and I will move to the spectator seats. Do your best,
everyone.”

“Wait, Onii-sama, er, you’re not participating!?”

As I called out to them, Caron exclaimed in surprise.

I replied with a hint of exasperation.

“Of course not. If we were short on numbers, that would be one thing, but if I
join in, the balance would be completely thrown off.”

Caron, Orca, Nina, Minerva, and Marina made a complete five. There was no reason
for me to step in.

“Muu…”

Confronted with my logic, Caron couldn't say anything more. I figured she
realized that my participation could ruin the fun for the others. I was pleased
to see her grow into such a kind-hearted girl who could consider other people's
positions.

After our exchange, Orca, Minerva, and Nina started discussing their roles.

“Then we need to consider our roles as well.”

“Right. Even with the ability limits set, if a specialist joins, we’d easily
win.”

“It’s hard to apply handicaps too.”

“There’s no way we can say, ‘We’re strong, so please give us a handicap.’”

Having battled repeatedly in Foranada, they discussed their strategies with
practiced ease. Caron joined in midway, and they quickly came to a consensus.

However, there was one person left out of the conversation.

That was Marina. She had no experience with Magical Piece yet.

“Um… I’m a beginner, so I’d appreciate it if you could consider that. I only
know the basic rules.”

With a hesitant tone, she managed to interject into the enthusiastic discussion.

In response, Caron and the others gave her a thumbs-up.

“Don’t worry, Marina! We’ll come up with a strategy that lets you shine!”

“A magic role with no handicaps would be best.”

“A position that doesn’t require complex strategies is ideal.”

“Maybe one that doesn’t involve much movement. Purple or red would be suitable.”

“I feel like I’m being unexpectedly accommodated.”

Sensing something unsettling in their comments, Marina turned to me with a
pleading look for help.

I flashed her a wide smile.

“Do your best!”

“Your Highness!”

And so, Marina would become the unwitting sacrifice to the Magical Piece
enthusiasts.

<br/>

<br/>

At this point, let’s review the basic rules of Magical Piece.

The game is played as a five-on-five team battle. The fundamental concept is to
run around a designated stage and defeat the opposing team members.

Participants in Magical Piece are provided with a type of magical tool called a
role card. This role card is the heart of the game.

Each role card has various effects based on its type, which in turn restricts
the abilities of its owner. For example, a “Red Mage” role card allows for
unlimited magic power and range but imposes significant restrictions on defense
and mobility. Conversely, a “Green Mage” role card grants unlimited mobility but
adds limitations to magical abilities, and so forth.

Understanding the characteristics of each role card and effectively utilizing
them in the expansive field is the essence of Magical Piece.

As it is a combat-oriented game, simply fighting could lead to serious injuries,
but there are, of course, safety measures in place.

Among the effects of the role cards is an “HP Gauge.” At the start of the game,
a barrier is activated for the owner, protecting them until the gauge is
depleted. Furthermore, even if the “HP Gauge” reaches zero, it switches to a
barrier for defeated players, ensuring that, in principle, no one gets hurt.

In summary, the goal is to utilize the unique characteristics of each role card
to deplete the HP gauges of all opposing players to win. It’s a straightforward
battle game.

There are finer regulations and special rules as well, but since this is a basic
rule set, there’s no need to worry about those for now.

"Looks like it's going to be exciting," Shion said as she settled down beside me
in the observation seats.

Originally, she had been standing behind me, but I insisted she take a seat. It
wasn't class time, after all; this was perfectly acceptable.

There were other club members around us who were also here to watch, but I
ignored them.

I nodded at Shion's comment. "Yeah, it's pretty much guaranteed that Caron and
the others will win, but what I’m curious about is which role cards everyone
will be using."

Currently, there were five types of role cards in Magical Piece.

One was the "Red Mage." This role specializes in long-range magic attacks,
allowing for unlimited magical power at the cost of low mobility, weak defense,
and a low HP gauge. Its primary role is that of a fixed artillery.

The second was the "Blue Mage," which specializes in support magic. It’s
ineffective for attacks and has a shorter range, but can use buff spells without
limit.

The third was the "Purple Mage," another support role, but this one focuses on
debuffs. It has a longer range than the Blue Mage, but lower mobility.

The fourth was the "Green Mage." This role has high mobility and decent defense,
but has significant restrictions on its magical capabilities. It serves as a
speed attacker.

The fifth was the "Brown Mage." This role could be considered the opposite of
the Red Mage. It has high defense and HP gauge but a very short range for magic.
Even if it could use magic, it would mostly be limited to self-buffs and
defenses, primarily serving as a tank.

In short, the roles consist of magic attacker, buff support, debuff support,
physical attacker, and tank.

Typically, Minerva would take the Red Mage role, Caron the Blue Mage, Orca the
Purple Mage, Nina the Green Mage, and Marina would take the remaining Brown Mage
role.

However, since that would be far too strong, it was likely that they had
assigned different roles entirely.

"Among Minerva, Caron, and Orca, I’d expect two of them to take on front-line
roles," I said.

"That seems likely. Nina will definitely be in a support role," Shion replied.

Given the established abilities of these individuals, it was easy to predict
that they would choose roles opposite to their usual ones. There are additional
limits set to prevent excessive power from role cards—like a maximum of double
for "Body Enhancement"—but without at least that much of a handicap, the match
wouldn't be competitive, especially against new students.

"The issue is Marina," I continued. "They say they're going to let her shine,
but..."

I couldn’t picture what role card Marina would end up with, especially since she
was still in training. Role cards don’t have effects that boost abilities, so I
doubted she’d be given the "Red Mage."

As the short games progressed, more matches began and ended quickly.

Finally, it was Caron and the others’ turn.

"Wow, seriously?"

"That’s quite a bold move," Shion remarked.

The roles for each participant were designed to be visible to those outside the
stage, so we could easily see the strategy Caron and her team were employing.

To our surprise, everyone except Marina was assigned a front-line role. Caron
and Minerva took on the "Green Mage" role, while Orca and Nina were assigned
"Brown Mage." Marina, however, was given the "Red Mage."

While there was no rule against using the same role card, it was a bad move in
terms of game balance. The game was designed to favor versatile types over
specialized ones for better performance.

That said, I could guess their reasoning.

If they wanted to let the developing Marina shine, the other members would
inevitably become obstacles. Even Nina, who was more front-line oriented, was
currently more skilled with magic than Marina.

On top of that, Marina had little practical experience. If the enemy’s
front-line managed to close the distance, her chances of effectively responding
were quite low.

Thus, they must have decided to place Marina in the backline and have everyone
else protect her. Given their overwhelming strength, they could afford to ignore
some disadvantages in their formation.

I was curious how their opponents would respond to this strategy.

I took a moment to observe the opposing team that had just entered the stage and
looked up at the sky.

"What a draw we have here..."

The group that appeared on the opposite side of the stage was none other than
the Holy Maiden and her entourage.

The protagonist, the Holy Maiden, Prince Gray, the bookworm Zigraldo, and the
knight Eric made for a formidable lineup. The last member was unfamiliar to me,
so they were likely just a filler for the team.

I knew they had been visiting this club, but I never imagined we would end up
facing off against them with such numbers. Was it fate that Caron and the Holy
Maiden would clash?

"Should we stop this?"

Shion suggested, noticing my gloomy expression.

"...No, let’s observe for now."

After a few seconds of hesitation, I shook my head.

It wasn’t the best scenario, but it was just a game, and there was no reason to
intervene just because we were pitted against them. Considering how much Caron
and the others were looking forward to this, I didn’t want to force a stop.

That said, I would be ready to act if things took a turn for the worse.

We focused our attention on the stage, more so than before.

Since the starting points for both teams were quite far apart, we couldn’t tell
who the opponents were just yet. For now, nothing was happening. The real
problem would arise once they clashed during the match.

The roles for the Holy Maiden’s side were as follows: the Holy Maiden was a
"Blue Mage," Gray was a "Green Mage," Eric was a "Brown Mage," Zigraldo was a
"Red Mage," and the filler was a "Purple Mage." This was a fairly standard
setup.

On one side was the conventional Holy Maiden’s team, while on the other were the
unconventional Caron and her group. I wondered what kind of game development
awaited us.

Finally, the game of Magical Piece was about to begin.

The first to make a move was Caron and her group.

Given that they were mostly frontliners, they had no choice but to take the
initiative. With only Marina capable of ranged attacks, the best strategy was to
close the distance quickly and take out the enemy's backline.

Caron and Minerva, both specialized as "Green Mages," dashed forward with "Body
Enhancement" and entered the forest.

They soon disappeared from sight, but there was no need to worry. It seemed that
"Long-Range Vision" magical tools had been set up in those hard-to-see areas,
allowing the audience to keep track of the action. I briefly considered the cost
of such equipment, but I shook the thought away.

The sight of the two of them weaving through the trees was not what one would
expect from typical backline magic users. They moved gracefully, closing in on
the Holy Maiden's team with a speed that was almost blinding.

This was likely the result of their training. Just because they were backline
mages didn’t mean they skimped on aerial maneuver training. Thanks to that, even
Minerva, who generally struggled with physical activities, was moving like a
true warrior.

The other three were also advancing. Due to the constraints of their role cards,
they could only move slowly, so they kept an eye out for enemy attacks while
gradually progressing.

On the Holy Maiden's side, their formation was conventional. The "Blue Mage"
Holy Maiden provided enhancements to "Green Mage" Gray, who moved out as a
scout, while the remaining members advanced under the protection of "Brown Mage"
Eric. This was a solid, straightforward strategy.

However, that would likely be a poor choice against the frontliner-heavy Caron
and her team.

After all—

"One member of Team A's Holy Maiden side, 'Green Mage,' has been eliminated."

Suddenly, an announcement echoed through the air.

Looking over, I saw Caron had punched Gray, sending him flying. He took the hit
head-on, and in an instant, his HP gauge was completely depleted.

He seemed to be quite terrified, as he collapsed to the ground, eyes wide and
teary.

Also, realizing he was up against Caron, he was nervously glancing around,
likely searching for me. After all, he had been avoiding me since that duel six
years ago. He never made eye contact with me in class.

Back to the topic at hand. It was clear that sending a scout alone would only
result in them getting beaten down by the overwhelming number of frontliners
Caron and her group possessed.

To deal with them effectively, the best strategies would be either to chip away
at their health with ranged attacks or to surge forward as a team.

Meanwhile, while Caron was dealing with Gray, Minerva had engaged with the Holy
Maiden's group.

This time, Minerva was equipped with a standard one-handed sword. In addition to
"Body Enhancement," she seemed to have also been granted acceleration through
wind magic, allowing her to literally rush in like the wind toward the Holy
Maiden’s team.

It appeared she was targeting the most troublesome "Red Mage," Zigraldo, but he
was not going to let that happen so easily. Eric, who had been focused on
defense, jumped in just in time.

With a sharp clang, Minerva’s sword collided with Eric’s shield.

The contact was brief. Minerva quickly realized that she was at a disadvantage
in a direct clash and immediately turned to retreat. She then began to employ a
hit-and-run strategy.

Of course, the other members quickly came to her aid. The Holy Maiden provided
appropriate enhancements, the "Purple Mage" applied debuffs to Minerva, and
Zigraldo responded with high-speed magic attacks. The coordination between the
Holy Maiden and Zigraldo was likely among the top in their year.

However, that was not enough to stop her. Though her speed was somewhat reduced,
she continued to move with astonishing agility, skillfully outmaneuvering her
opponents.

However, it was true that they hadn’t fully pressed the attack. Due to their
lack of proficiency in close combat, they were unable to overwhelm their
opponents as expected.

One factor was Eric's exceptional movements; he was effectively deflecting
attacks. While he wasn’t operating at full capacity since he had to protect the
backline, his defense was still commendable.

If they could have raised the gear on "Body Enhancement" a bit more, they might
have easily broken through, but the constraints of their role cards were a
hindrance.

Well, that balance would soon be shattered.

What seemed like a stalemate on the battlefield changed dramatically in the next
moment when Caron charged in from the trees, sending Eric flying far away with a
powerful blow.

It seemed he managed to block it with his shield at the last second, so he
hadn’t been eliminated. However, being separated from those he was supposed to
protect was a fatal mistake.

There was no weaker position than a backline without frontliners. Caron and
Minerva took full advantage of the opening, quickly chipping away at the
remaining three’s HP gauges. It happened so fast that everyone was left
momentarily stunned.

As for the last standing Eric—

“Aqua Fall! Aqua Fall! Aqua Fall! Aqua Fall! Aqua Fall!!!”

He was suddenly overwhelmed by a torrent of water and eliminated before he could
counterattack.

That was Marina’s intermediate water magic. She had finally reached the
effective range at the last moment and targeted Eric.

It seemed that Caron had adjusted the attack to send Eric flying toward Marina's
group.

Thus, through a splendid display of teamwork, Caron and her team achieved a
decisive victory. The Holy Maiden and Zigraldo looked almost dazed, as if they
couldn’t process the rapid turn of events.

“...What a diligent guy,”

I muttered to myself as I caught a glance of Eric standing in the center of a
puddle, bowing in my direction.

His family had been in turmoil not long ago due to the absence of a head, but I
had wanted to avoid Eric's downfall and left the mediation to Wiemlay.

Thanks to that, Eric was still enjoying his school life. Moreover, I had managed
to pull him into Wiemlay’s faction. It was truly a two-for-one deal.

Seeing Eric express his gratitude toward me, it was clear that Wiemlay had said
something to him. Most likely, he informed Eric about my role in the mediation.
Well, as long as it didn’t cause me any trouble, I didn’t mind.

The anticipated turmoil during the Magic Magi Piece match ultimately concluded
without any incidents.

<br/>

<br/>

After finishing the match, Caron and I regrouped and began our journey home. We
took the school carriage to the main gate, then switched to the Foranada
carriage.

This transfer was always a hassle, but given the security concerns, I had no
choice but to endure it. If we were allowed to travel freely in and out of the
grounds by carriage, kidnappings would likely become a frequent occurrence.

There was club recruitment happening not just inside the grounds but also at the
main gate. However, the desperation of those recruiting was particularly
noticeable.

It wasn’t hard to understand why. Most of the students at the academy were
dormitory residents. Very few people passed through this area, making
recruitment here ineffective. In other words, the clubs here were likely
composed of those who had been marginalized due to their weaknesses.

Though they were all lumped together as clubs, there was quite a variety. From
popular clubs like the Magic Piece, which we had just been observing, to obscure
and struggling ones, the disparity in membership was significant.

That said, no one had the guts to conduct aggressive recruitment in front of the
nobility. There were no interruptions as we made our way to the carriage—at
least, that was the expectation.

But reality is stranger than fiction, as the saying goes, and what I encountered
was a perfect example of that. Right in front of me was a student bowing deeply
in a gesture of submission.

“I’m begging you! Please, please join our club! I’m begging you!”

“Uh, um… please?”

To make matters more surprising, next to this desperate individual stood a
familiar face: a beast girl with straight, rabbit-ear-tipped hair in a shade of
light blue—my classmate, Yurika Whirlav Dashpoons, was looking flustered as she
found herself in the midst of this situation.

A countess making a commoner bow down in public… This was an utterly
embarrassing scene. What on earth was she thinking? I couldn’t help but think
that she’d deserve to be punished for this.

However, since Yurika, whom I could consider a friend, was right next to her, it
wouldn’t be appropriate to dismiss them without hearing them out.

Fortunately, there weren’t many bystanders around, given the weak clubs nearby.

“Fine, I understand. I’ll at least hear you out. But please stop bowing like
that. Also, let’s move to another location.”

“Thank you so much!”

As I sighed and responded, the girl who had been begging abruptly shifted from
her tragic demeanor to a cheerful one, thanking me with a bright smile. What on
earth was up with her?

“What about you all?” I asked my group.

“We’ll join you,” Caron replied immediately. The others nodded in agreement as
well.

“Six of you, right this way!” the bowing girl announced excitedly.

“Uh-huh…”

“I-I’m so sorry!” Yurika stammered, apologizing nervously.

I couldn’t help but let out another sigh as I followed the overly enthusiastic
girl. Yurika was flustered, but I felt she ought to choose her companions more
wisely.

We were led to a tenant building not far from the main gate. Actually, it would
be more accurate to call it a shack—a dilapidated hut.

This was likely the clubroom for the club that the bowing girl belonged to, but
it was in such a sorry state. They seemed to be so weak that they weren’t
receiving any proper budget.

We entered the cramped room, furnished only with pipe chairs and tables, and
each of us found a spot to sit. The chairs let out a creaking protest as we
settled in, which added to the overall feeling of melancholy.

“So, you went and did something like that in front of nobles. You must have a
pretty good reason for it, right?”

I decided to apply some pressure, as I didn’t want to deal with any repeat
offenses. No matter how much of a friend they were, I couldn’t let them take
advantage of that. There wouldn’t be a second chance.

“Eep!”

Both of them squeaked in unison, collapsing to the floor in fear. Thankfully, it
didn’t seem like they’d wet themselves.

After that, Yurika began to repeat her apologies like a broken record, and I
managed to calm her down with Caron’s help before moving the conversation
forward.

“Um, my name is Laurel Raulus Lorié. I’m the president of the Magic Piece club,
and it’s a pleasure to meet you,”

The bowing girl—now identified as Laurel—introduced herself in a dialect
reminiscent of the Kansai region. From her short green hair and brown eyes, she
appeared to have affinities for wind and earth magic.

So this was the Magic Piece club? The contrast with the top club we had just
visited was night and day. The disparity was so vast it made me dizzy.

Laurel bowed her head again.

“I’m really sorry about earlier! I forced Yurika to come with me, so please
forgive her!”

“President Laurel!?”

Hmm. So she was willing to take responsibility.

But—

“If you have that much resolve, then you shouldn’t have resorted to such
measures in the first place. There was always a chance that both of you would be
cut down before you could explain yourselves. Your earlier actions were far too
reckless.”

“Ugh, I’m sorry.”

“I’m really sorry…”

Both of them bowed their heads in unison.

I decided to leave the scolding at that. If they were going to repeat the same
mistakes after this, it might be cold-hearted, but I could genuinely cut them
off. For now, it was more important to move the conversation along.

“Enough already. Just tell me the situation.”

“Yes, I will explain.”

As I waved my hand lightly, Laurel began to speak.

Her story was quite exaggerated, but to sum it up: “We’re in danger of
disbanding, so please help us.”

As it turned out, this club was struggling significantly, and Laurel was the
only member left this year. If the trial membership period ended like this, they
would definitely be disbanded.

She had desperately tried to recruit Yurika, but beyond that, there hadn’t been
any progress. At a loss for what to do, she remembered our existence.

“Why us?” I tilted my head in confusion, prompting Yurika to speak up
hesitantly.

“You said we could count on you in times of trouble… I-I’m so sorry!”

Had she thought she would be scolded again? She shrank back as she apologized.

In response, I pressed my palm to my forehead and looked up at the ceiling.

I had said that, for sure. It was part of my strategy to recruit Yurika.

I might have made a bit of a rash promise. But now, backing out would only leave
a bad impression. I couldn’t face Caron and the others if I did that.

It couldn’t be helped.

“Alright. I’ll join this club.”

“Really!?” both of them exclaimed in unison.

Laurel and Yurika leaned forward eagerly.

I shrugged my shoulders.

“I won’t go back on my word. A promise made is a promise kept.”

“Thank you so much!”

Laurel, genuinely overjoyed, grabbed both of my hands and shook them vigorously.

After managing to extricate myself from her grip with a wry smile, I turned my
attention to Caron and the others.

“What about you guys?”

“If you’re participating, then I’ll join too, Onii-sama,” Caron replied.

“Same here,”

“A small club on the rise? Sounds fun!”

“Hmph. Since I have time to spare, I might as well tag along,”

“I won’t be much help, but I’ll lend a hand,”

It seemed my question had been redundant. The five of them had all readily
decided to join.

In response, Laurel and Yurika began to hold hands and hop around in excitement.

If I recall correctly, they needed at least five members to keep the club
running. With this, the threat of disbandment should be temporarily averted. The
remaining issue was—

“Zex-sama.”

“I know. But I don’t want to rain on their parade right now. Let’s let them
enjoy this moment.”

I nodded at Shion’s whisper and then halted any further discussion.

<br/>

<br/>

It seemed that we would be busy with club activities for a while. As I watched
the members celebrating the formation of their club, I quietly reflected on the
situation.
