# Chapter 1: Spy

Mid-June.

The climate in the Holy Kingdom is similar to that of Japan in my previous life,
though it's just slightly cooler. So around this time of year, the heat and
humidity start becoming a bit unbearable.

That said, with magical tools that blow cool air and dehumidify being
widespread, it’s not all that bad. Water and wind mages are truly a blessing. I
can’t use that kind of magic, so I’m a little jealous. But, well, it's the
classic "the grass is always greener" situation.

When I first enrolled, school life was a bit chaotic, but now, more than two
months later, things have settled down. Ever since solving the beastman
kidnapping case, there haven't been any notable incidents.

I couldn't be happy yet. My goal is to prevent the death of my beloved little
sister, Caron, which is set to happen two years from now. The more peaceful days
I have, the more time I can spend preparing for that.

Also, I get to enjoy everyday life with my beloved family. Though I can't let my
guard down, but I want to savor these three short years at the academy, making
the most of it with my family.

Today, just like always, I finished up at the academy and rode the carriage back
to our townhouse in the royal capital.

There’s a saying, "When three women gather, it gets noisy." Well, right now
there are six… no, five women in the carriage. Even though most of them are
noble ladies raised to be prim and proper, the confined space made things quite
lively.

"Minerva-san, help me with my studies! I don’t understand this part of the
subject at all!"

Marina cried out, her voice mixed with tears. She’s a commoner, the one among us
who has the least connection to noble society, and originally, she was supposed
to be one of the heroine targets for the hero. But after various twists and
turns, she’s now completely devoted to me, trusting me with her heart.

She’s only just recently started attending the study sessions I supervise, so it
seems she’s still struggling to keep up with the cutting-edge curriculum of the
academy. Her pale blue-violet eyes glistened with unshed tears as she clung to
the girl sitting next to her.

When she does that, certain parts of her well-endowed figure end up in quite
the… situation. I’d better look away. If I stare, I’ll definitely be called out
by the others.

The girl Marina was clinging to is Minerva, my fiancée. With her black
twin-tailed hair and petite figure, she has an incredibly cute appearance. As
her hair color suggests, she possesses remarkable magical talent and excels in
many other areas too. On top of that, she’s the daughter of a duke, making her a
flawless noblewoman.

Of course, that doesn’t mean she’s without flaws. She’s extremely shy, and most
of her statements come off as tough or arrogant because of it. You could say
she’s a textbook tsundere. I find that part of her cute too, though.

"Shion-neesan, about that document you were preparing—don’t you think it would
be better to do it this way?"

"No, this part here is a bottleneck."

"Ah, I see. So in that case, maybe if we do this—"

"If you move it like that, then over here—"

—Meanwhile, a little distance away from Minerva and Marina, Orca and Shion were
deep in some complicated conversation.

Orca is my younger stepbrother, a fox beastman boy. Despite wearing a skirt and
having a very feminine appearance, he is indeed a boy. If I dwell too long on
his appearance, I’ll get lost in an endless rabbit hole, so I choose not to
think too deeply about it.

His sharp yellow-green eyes reflect his intelligence. Even at his young age,
he's already involved in the internal affairs of a Count’s territory, probably
more experienced than most Administrators. Right now, he’s discussing the tasks
that have been assigned to him.

The one talking with him on equal footing is Shion, one of our maids. Her maid
uniform is impeccably neat, and her blue-violet hair is tightly wound into a
bun, reflecting her diligent nature. In fact, she’s a very serious person,
highly competent in everything she does, and she even handles secretarial duties
for me.

That said, she’s not flawless. Shion is actually quite clumsy, prone to
unexpected mishaps and even tripping over nothing. That kind of gap in her
personality makes her all the more endearing.

Oh, and she’s actually an elf. Though elves are despised in the Holy Kingdom,
she lives in secret due to various circumstances. Well, most of the folks in
Foranada Castle know, though.

And then there are the last two—

"Is something wrong, Onii-sama?"

"What's up, Zex?"

The two voluptuous women sitting on either side of me noticed my gaze and tilted
their heads in question.

The one with blonde hair tied in a ponytail and red eyes is none other than my
dearest sister, Caroline. In the original game, no matter what, she was destined
to die—imprisoned by her inevitable fate.

I have no right to say this, but she has a major brother complex. Right now,
she’s pressing her ample chest against me, which is clearly not something a
sister would normally do.

And then, on the other side, the other girl was doing the same thing, making it
rather hard to keep my composure.

Nina, the wolf beastman, is my disciple. In the original game, she was a
character destined to die around the start of the story, but thanks to my
intervention, she survived. In a way, she’s living proof that one can escape
their fatal destiny.

Though her expressions are typically reserved, there’s a fiery passion in her
brown eyes. Ever since she proposed to me a month ago, Nina’s displays of
affection have become quite intense. It’s obvious to anyone watching that she’s
in love with me.

Because of that, I’ve earned a fair bit of resentment… but there’s nothing I can
do about it. Even though I haven’t given her a formal answer yet, I’ve already
decided to accept her.

“No, it’s nothing,” I replied with a smile to the two women giving me curious
looks.

Apparently, they weren’t too concerned, as they quickly returned to their
conversation.

This is the usual group. Back when I first reincarnated, it was just me and
Caron, but my world has grown so much since then.

All of them are my precious family. No matter who it is, I won’t let anyone
destroy this happiness.

---

I had just returned to the estate and finished changing in my private room when
the news arrived...

"An unidentified group of elves has entered the royal capital? Are you certain?"

"Yes, we're almost positive. The royal palace's intelligence unit hasn’t been
deployed into the city, and reports indicate that the movements of the elves in
question are those of individuals unfamiliar with the area."

Shion, who brought me the report, nodded firmly in response to my confirmation.

If such competent people were certain, then there was no mistake. The only ones
capable of deceiving Foranada's shadow forces would be those beyond the realm of
humanity, like witches. In either case, these were enemies that warranted
caution.

"What are their current movements?"

Most likely, they were elves from the Forest Kingdom. Considering the deep
enmity between them and the Holy Kingdom, it was crucial to be wary of whatever
they were planning by coming here. This was a matter that required careful
judgment.

"So far, they’ve shown no movements beyond reconnaissance. They’re exploring the
city, seemingly trying to familiarize themselves with the geography." Shion
explained.

"Hmm..."

Without knowing their objective, it might be best to let them continue. That was
what I was considering when Shion suddenly spoke up.

"Forgive my impertinence, but may I offer my humble opinion?"

"What is it?"

She had likely noticed I was leaning toward letting them roam. If that was the
case, I expected she would offer a counterargument.

"I believe we should capture the elves immediately."

As I suspected.

I asked her again, "And your reasoning? You’re suggesting that the risks of
letting them go outweigh the benefits, right?"

The intelligence unit should be able to continue monitoring the elves without
them noticing. Shion, of course, knew this. So, for her to make this proposal
despite that knowledge meant she had determined that waiting would not be the
best course of action.

"If these elves are indeed from the Forest Kingdom, it's highly likely that some
of them are spirit magicians. While we’ve been taught by Noma-sama, our
expertise is limited to earth element magic. If they use spirit magic of other
elements, we may find ourselves at a disadvantage, especially in the royal
capital. The risk of them exploiting unknown magic and escaping with valuable
information is too great." Shion explained her reasoning.

"I see, spirits, huh?"

I had completely overlooked that, since we rarely have to deal with the Forest
Kingdom.

Elves, known for being the race with the most superior magical abilities among
humans, often make contracts with spirits and use spirit magic. Naturally, the
main military force of their kingdom consists of spirit magicians. As Shion
pointed out, there was no doubt that some of the infiltrators were among them.

As evidenced by Noma's techniques, spirit magic offers far more versatility than
human magic. While it might not compare to the combination of Noma and myself,
there was still the chance they could exploit a gap in our defenses with unknown
techniques.

We could extract information through interrogation if necessary. And if they
were spies from another country, we didn’t need to hold back. It would be wise
to mitigate risks and take action.

"Understood. Let’s capture them immediately."

"Very well. I will relay the orders to the intelligence unit."

"No, that won’t be necessary."

I stopped Shion just as she was about to head off to deliver the message.

"...Could it be?"

It seemed she had already figured out what I was thinking. As expected of my
secretary—she could read my mind.

"I'll capture them all myself."

If there was a risk that the intelligence unit could be outmaneuvered, then it
was better for me, with my overwhelming strength, to take them down. Plus, I
wanted a sample of spirit magicians to study for the future. It's like capturing
Two birds with one stone.

Now then, I’m really looking forward to seeing what tactics these genuine spirit
magicians will use.

<br/>

<br/>

Night had fallen over the royal capital—or rather, the [Alternate World] that
perfectly mimicked it. Two figures were racing through the streets.

To the average observer, they appeared to be ordinary human men. However, from
my vantage point high above, my eyes saw them for what they truly were. Their
[disguise] had long since been seen through. They were elves.

Moments ago, I had transported all the elves who had infiltrated the capital
into this [Alternate World]. Now, I didn’t have to worry about them making
contact with the outside or escaping by some unexpected means.

Considering my main objective, the mission was already a success at this point.
All that remained was to extract the necessary information.

However, I had a secondary objective: to experience firsthand the tactics of
spirit magicians.

You might wonder why I would bother with something like that at this point, but
firsthand experience is crucial in all things.

If I could learn what kinds of tactics spirit magicians employed, I could use
that knowledge to develop countermeasures. Those countermeasures could then be
incorporated into training, allowing others to simulate the experience and
prepare accordingly. In short, it would enhance the safety of Caron and the
others.

Using [Appraisal], I identified the spirit magicians and quickly disposed of the
rest. By now, my subordinates should be interrogating the others in a separate
isolated space.

The two spirit magicians were clearly panicked. Despite their trained
expressions, their confusion was obvious to anyone who looked closely.

It was understandable. From their perspective, the people in the city had
suddenly vanished. On top of that, their comrades had disappeared without a
trace, and all contact with the outside had been cut off. There was no way they
wouldn’t assume they were under attack.

Moreover, their final resort... had already been neutralized.

Their last resort was the self-destruct spell implanted in their hearts. Like
many spies, their basic strategy was to blow themselves up if they were about to
be captured by the enemy.

Well, disarming spells like that is child’s play for my eyes.

"Idiots."

The two running through the streets weren’t merely panicked. They were also
laying magical traps as they moved, leaving fragments of their mana in various
places, like they were marking the area.

I wasn’t entirely sure of the details, but it was clearly part of a large-scale
magical setup. Just to be safe, I decided to take a closer look...

Hmm, a two-tiered structure. Quite elaborate.

They seemed to be operating under the assumption that they’d been caught in a
barrier-type magic. The first tier was a wide-area dispel spell. If that failed,
the second tier would trigger a large-scale explosion meant to blow everything
around them to pieces.

I should probably strengthen the [Alternate World] just in case. It wouldn’t
break unless the battle escalated to the level of my sparring matches with
Akatsuki-sensei, but better safe than sorry.

I continued observing for a while longer until the elves suddenly changed
course. After running around the city, they began heading toward the outskirts.
They were likely trying to get beyond the range of the explosion—being caught in
their own blast would defeat the purpose.

Now that they’d completed their preparations, there was no reason for me to wait
any longer. It was time to make my move.

The area in front of the city gates was an open plaza, a perfect space for a
fight. As the two elves approached, I descended into the square.

"—!"

Their reaction to my sudden appearance was swift. One of them stayed put, while
the other immediately spun on his heel and fled.

Their rapid response left little to be desired. One stayed behind to delay me
while the other continued with their mission. It was clear they had a
contingency for this, and executing it without hesitation was impressive. They
were well-trained operatives, no doubt about that.

Still, after waiting so long, I wasn’t in the mood to drag this out further. I
might as well deal with them both at the same time.

Without hesitation, I deployed a barrier. The one who had attempted to flee
found himself trapped as well, unable to escape from the plaza. He tried to
break through the barrier, but that was a futile effort.

"Who are you?"

The elf who had remained behind finally spoke, his first words since this
confrontation began.

Interesting. He switched gears quickly. Normally, someone would be thrown off
balance seeing me, an Colorless-looking man, cast magic. But this one
immediately took up a combat stance.

It seemed he was trying to buy time while preparing for battle. The other elf,
who had tried to flee, was now making his way back toward us.

I had no intention of interrupting their preparations. I wanted to observe the
abilities of a spirit magician in action, so I’d gladly play along with their
plan.

"Giving you my name won’t matter."

"Why’s that?"

"Because you have no chance of escaping from this world."

"So you’re the one behind all this!"

The elf feigned outrage, a transparent act to hide his partner’s preparations.

"And what are you going to do about it?"

"Release us from here!"

"I’m afraid I can’t do that."

I pretended to go along with the conversation, all the while observing the other
one’s actions closely.

They were channeling magic into the ground… Ah, I see. It wasn’t the elf’s doing
but the work of an earth spirit. They were likely trying to seize control of the
terrain. That was something I’d already learned through my work with Noma.

It didn’t seem like they were going to do much more preparation. I suppose they
couldn’t afford to spend too much time setting things up right in front of me.
I’d just have to find out the rest during the battle.

"If you won’t move aside, we’ll force our way through!"

"Hmph. Once you learn who we truly are, you’ll regret your foolishness!"

With those words, the two elves shed their [disguises]. Their appearances
shifted drastically, their pointed ears—an unmistakable feature of elves—now
visible.

They probably expected to catch me off guard, but unfortunately for them, it had
no effect on me.

They didn’t waste time, either. Perhaps they had anticipated their reveal might
not faze me, as they immediately launched their attacks.

"Spirit I’ve bonded with, slash apart the enemy before me!"

"Spirit I’ve bonded with, pierce the enemy before me!"

The elf who had been speaking to me unleashed a spirit magic spell resembling
[Wind Edge], while the other, who had been preparing with the earth spirit, cast
a spell similar to [Stone Spike].

Both of their spells were cast with the skill of true masters. The blade of
wind, stretching nearly ten meters long, was dense with mana and wouldn’t be
easily deflected by a half-hearted counter. The stone spikes erupting from the
ground were average in size but seemed harder than steel.

As expected of spirit magic. The efficiency of their mana-to-magic conversion
was astounding. With the amount of mana those two possessed, under normal
circumstances, they’d only be able to produce spells with half that power.

I leaped over the stone spikes and parried the wind blade with a single short
sword imbued with [Magic Infusion]. I could’ve sliced through it, but that
might’ve broken their spirits, so I held back.

"Spirit I've bonded with, trap the enemy before me!"

"Spirit I've bonded with, strike down the enemy before me!"

Seeing me suspended in mid-air, they both took the opportunity to cast new
spells.

Do spirit magicians always have to recite incantations? I found myself pondering
this while waiting for their magic to take effect.

The wind spirit caster attempted to restrain my movements. A tornado began
swirling around me, restricting my range of motion.

Meanwhile, the earth spirit caster seemed to be handling the offensive. Dozens
of boulder-sized projectiles were launched at me, their trajectories hidden by
the swirling tornado. Normally, it would be difficult to detect those stone
balls.

The elves smiled, clearly thinking the battle was over. Though they remained
cautious, I could sense a small degree of overconfidence creeping in.

"If they were part of Foranada, they’d be getting a serious scolding."

It’s good to feel confident, but letting your guard down? Unacceptable. That’s a
lesson ingrained in Foranada’s combat training.

But these were spies from another nation. No point in lecturing them.

More importantly, if this was the extent of their teamwork, I doubted I’d gain
much valuable insight from this fight.

While the power behind their attacks was certainly impressive, their tactics
left much to be desired. Ordinary magic could achieve similar results.

I decided to give them one last chance. If they failed to impress, I’d end this
quickly.

With a single short sword, I slashed through every stone projectile headed my
way. Then, I released a burst of magic energy, dispelling the tornado in an
instant.

"What!?"

The elves’ eyes widened in perfect unison. Their momentary lapse in focus
delayed their next move.

Seizing the opportunity, I landed on the ground and swiftly closed the distance
between us. Though we’d been a fair distance apart, [Body Enhancement] allowed
me to cover the gap in a single step.

Caught off guard by how quickly I had moved in, they scrambled to begin chanting
again.

"Spirit I've bonded with, slash apart the enemy before me!"

"Spirit I've bonded with, pierce the enemy before me!"

So, they really do need these lengthy incantations. With no choice but to wait
for their chants to finish, I braced myself for their next attack.

But the spells they cast were the same ones they had used at the start.

“Sigh..” This is a letdown.

With a sigh, I cut through everything. I slashed away their spells and dealt
with the two elves, making sure not to deliver any fatal blows.

Without a moment to breathe, they both collapsed to the ground, unconscious,
staining the area red.

All that caution for nothing. With their level of skill, even our covert ops
team could have handled them easily.

Still, I didn’t know how powerful these two were considered in the forest
nation, so I might as well extract some useful information later.

I quickly stashed the beaten elves in my [Phase Concealment Cover Texture], and
my gaze fell on the area where they had once stood.

What remained wasn’t a void, but two tiny figures—spirits. A pair of small boys,
one with green hair and the other with brown, glaring sharply in my direction.

There was no doubt about it—these were the spirits contracted to the elves. They
must have been hiding in the shadows of their contractors’ bodies until now.

"You two, the spirits over there."

"What!? You can see us!?"

"N-No way!?"

The spirits were utterly shocked when I addressed them.

It was a pain dealing with their reactions, so I ignored their astonishment and
continued.

"If you don't intend to oppose me or my allies, I'll let you go. What’s your
choice?"

I wasn’t particularly interested in their power, and I had no need to recruit
spirits that had already opposed me. It was less trouble to make a contract with
a stray spirit.

That’s why I’d let them go. Besides, I had a trump card that guaranteed they
wouldn’t betray me.

As expected, the spirits took a defiant stance. They flared up, shouting, "Don’t
underestimate us, you mere human!"

But it was all within my expectations, so I proceeded according to plan. It
wasn’t hard. I simply unleashed my full power without holding back—the
overwhelming mana that now surpassed even that of the divine apostles.

What happens when spirits, who worship mana above all else, witness such a
display? Even Noma had lost his mind when I was far weaker.

The reactions of these two would be predictable.

"We… w-we’re sorryyyyyyy!!!!!!!!!"

After binding them with a contract spell, the [Alternate World] dissipated, and
the two spirits flew off in a frenzy. Judging by the way they left, I doubted
we’d ever cross paths again.

"Zex-sama, here's some water."

"Thank you, Shion."

Shion appeared at my side, offering me a cup of water. I gratefully accepted it.

As I finished drinking, she asked, "How was it?"

"Massively disappointing. As spies, they were decent enough, but when it came to
combat, they were a failure. They were completely reliant on spirit magic, just
a bunch of overconfident fools."

"I see... And their objective?"

"I'll find out during interrogation. Afterward, I'll hand them over to the
covert ops, so inform First Prince Wiemlay. I expect there’ll be a meeting
soon."

"Understood. I'll move at once."

With that, Shion vanished in an instant, her presence completely disappearing.
She’s really gotten strong.

"I suppose I should head back, too."

I had a lot to think about, but for now, rest was in order.

I opened a [Phase Connection] and returned to my private residence.

<br/>

<br/>

“This is a grave situation!”

“The forest nation's actions are nothing short of a declaration of war!”

“We must retaliate immediately!”

“Such rash action would be the height of foolishness!”

“Indeed. It would be wiser to first send an envoy and assess the situation.”

“Agreed. Besides, it's still uncertain whether the bandits captured by Count
Foranada are truly elves.”

“Going back that far will get us nowhere!”

“Whether they are elves or not, the fact remains that there was an incursion.
That's why we’re here discussing it. Why don’t you use your head for a change?”

“Are you mocking me!?”

The royal castle’s conference room, which was the size of a tennis court, echoed
with the noisy bickering of nobles. It could be generously described as a lively
exchange of direct opinions, but in reality, it was chaos, and no progress was
being made. While I understood their urge to raise a fuss, it would be nice if
they could calm down a bit.

Currently, I was attending this noble assembly at the royal castle. As a head of
a noble house based in the capital and the person responsible for capturing the
elves, I had been given a seat at the table.

I had no issue with holding the meeting itself. When a hostile nation sends
spies, it’s only natural to discuss countermeasures.

But the content of the discussion was hopeless. A faction of nobles who adhered
to monotheism would spout extreme opinions, then a group of fence-sitters would
counter with overly cautious or outright foolish arguments, and the
anti-Foranada crowd would chime in. The saying “The council dances, but does not
move forward” fit this situation perfectly.

It had been about thirty minutes already. I had been quietly observing to avoid
stirring any unnecessary resentment, but I was starting to tire of playing along
with this farce.

Just as I was about to intervene and demand they engage in more constructive
discussions, the Holy King, who had been silent until now, spoke up.

“Let’s hear Viscount Sawaid’s opinion.”

“.........”

In an instant, the room fell silent.

The fact that their ruler had spoken was part of the reason, but everyone in the
room was also well aware of the true nature of the Sawaid family. No one dared
to oppose the rational judgment of Viscount Sawaid.

Viscount Sawaid—Shion’s biological father—was currently disguised as a man in
his fifties using [Concealment], but in reality, he was an elf. He was without a
doubt the wisest person in the room regarding the current crisis.

Even with all eyes on him, Viscount Sawaid remained calm and composed. He took a
slow breath and spoke in a dignified tone.

“First and foremost, from my standpoint, I oppose launching an attack on the
forest nation.”

“Coward!”

“You’re just trying to protect your homeland!”

“There are several reasons for my stance, but I’ll outline the two most
important.”

Despite the emotional outbursts aimed at him, he remained unfazed and continued
to present his reasoning in a steady voice.

“The first reason is the Empire’s presence. While they’ve been quiet in recent
years, I don’t believe we can simply ignore them and launch a war. Both in terms
of geography and the need to guard against them taking advantage of the
situation.”

He made a solid point. The forest nation lay beyond the Empire. Any military
action would require passing through Imperial territory. There’s no way they’d
just let us march through for free, and even if we could negotiate some
arrangement, the long supply lines would strain our forces.

Moreover, as he pointed out, the Empire might try to capitalize on the
situation. A nation that expanded its territory through war would undoubtedly
have the cunning to seize such opportunities.

“The second reason is that, even if we do manage to defeat the forest nation
without issue, we stand to gain very little. We could likely claim some
reparations, but beyond that, there’s little to be gained in terms of land or
technology.”

That made sense. Even if we acquired land, it would be too far from the homeland
to manage effectively. And while we might gain their technology, their magical
techniques are so advanced that the Holy Kingdom likely wouldn’t be able to
utilize them. If all we’d get out of it is money, the war simply wouldn’t be
worth it.

“Tch.”

It seemed no one could refute Viscount Sawaid’s calm and logical explanation.
Well, these were the top nobles of the nation, so they had at least that much
reason. Considering how the discussion had been going up until now, it was
almost hard to believe.

However, a spark was about to be thrown into the room.

“Isn’t Count Foranada here?”

It was a small murmur, but it echoed through the entire chamber. And soon
enough, it caused a wildfire.

“Yes, Count Foranada is here!”

“With the ‘White Satan’ on our side, he could wipe out those detestable elves!”

“I’ve heard rumors he can use legendary teleportation magic. If that's true,
then we wouldn’t need to worry about supply lines!”

“That’s beside the point. If Count Foranada steps in, he could single-handedly
annihilate the forest nation!”

I was too dumbfounded to speak. Both the monotheists and royalists were
shamelessly trying to rely on my power—all of them. Even the ones who were just
spouting anti-Foranada rhetoric a moment ago. What a blatant change of tune.

Honestly, at this point, I was almost impressed. Perhaps one needs skin this
thick to dance on the stage of nobility.

Suppressing the sigh that threatened to escape, I spoke up.

“I have no intention of aiding in an invasion of the forest nation. A defensive
war, perhaps, but I will not participate in a war with so little benefit.”

If Caron or my interests in Foranada or Wiemlay were directly threatened, then
I’d consider it.

But that wasn’t the case here. There was almost no profit to be gained, and
waging war just because “spies infiltrated the capital” was a laughable excuse.

The nobles’ intense hatred for the elves was clear, but I didn’t share those
feelings. With no profit or shared sentiment, there was no reason for me to get
involved.

Naturally, I was bombarded with insults about how I could call myself a noble of
the Holy Kingdom, but I ignored them all.

In the end, the Holy King declared,

“For now, we will limit ourselves to sending a letter of protest to the forest
nation,”

which finally brought the matter to a close. Had it gone on any longer, the
slander and baseless accusations would have been endless.

As the meeting concluded and I was preparing to leave, wondering if my presence
had served any purpose at all, someone suddenly called out to me.

“Count Foranada.”

“…And you are?”

I briefly wondered if it was one of those who had just been throwing insults my
way, but that wasn’t the case. Standing before me, of all people, was Viscount
Sawaid.

“Might I have a moment of your time?”

His expression was unusually serious, and I wasn’t sure how to respond.

It wasn’t because I disliked him that I hesitated. If I let personal feelings
dictate who I worked with, I wouldn’t get anything done.

No, the reason for my hesitation was that Viscount Sawaid had been forbidden
from contacting me.

It goes without saying that there’s a deep rift between Foranada and the Sawaid
family. Because of that, the royalists, fearing that the viscount’s family might
interfere with Foranada, had ordered him to avoid contact with me.

Being loyal to the royal family, Viscount Sawaid followed those orders. Until
today, he had never shown his face to me.

So, why was he going against his usual principles now?

Though not as formidable as Foranada’s forces, he was still the head of the
intelligence division. He wasn’t someone I could afford to take lightly.

As I stood on guard, Viscount Sawaid gave a wry smile.

“There’s no need to be so wary… though, I suppose it’s unreasonable of me to say
that. But rest assured, this contact has been reported to His Majesty
beforehand.”

In other words, the royalists had given their tacit approval of the situation.
At the very least, it seemed unlikely to escalate into something violent.

“Very well.”

I wouldn’t let my guard down, but there was no reason to reject him outright.

Well, this was someone I would have to talk to sooner or later. I might as well
take this as the opportunity that had presented itself today.

The viscount and I left the meeting room and made our way to his office within
the royal castle. The air between us was heavy with silence.

<br/>

<br/>

On the surface, Viscount Sawaid belongs to the Information Management Bureau.

To summarize the bureau's work simply, it’s about “scrutinizing and compiling
information gathered at the royal castle.” While it implicitly suggests that
they are an intelligence division, they officially operate under the guise of
the Information Management Bureau.

As the head of this bureau, Viscount Sawaid had been given a respectable office.
The room I was led to contained an expensive-looking desk and mountains of
documents.

However, it didn’t give off a cluttered impression. On the contrary, it was
quite orderly. Each document was meticulously arranged, a sight that could only
be described as impressive.

He must be a very meticulous person. It’s not often one encounters an office so
well-organized, especially one that deals with a multitude of documents.

“Please take a seat over there.”

Following the viscount's suggestion, I settled into one of the sofas, while he
sat across from me.

A few seconds later, a maid entered the room to serve tea, but she wore a rather
displeased expression. Though she maintained a composed exterior, it was clear
that she was seething with frustration inside.

No surprise there. This maid was an elf, and it was likely she harbored
resentment toward me. After all, I had taken down her kin and the next heir to
their clan. Even if her feelings were misplaced, I couldn’t dismiss her internal
struggles.

I didn’t think she would do something foolish like poison the tea… but just to
be safe, I’d take precautions.

Once the maid finished serving the tea and left the room, it was finally just
the two of us.

After both of us took a sip, Viscount Sawaid opened the conversation.

“I’m sure you’ve guessed, but I wish to discuss the spies from the Forest
Kingdom.”

“I believe I already covered that in the previous meeting.”

“Not everything, I presume?”

His question carried a hint of certainty.

That was understandable. Despite being nobles of the same country, they were
essentially potential enemies. As a professional in intelligence, he probably
thought that one wouldn’t divulge all information if they were in the same
position.

His reasoning was quite sound. Normally, I would have acted similarly.

But this time was different.

“Unfortunately, I’ve shared all I have. I discovered the spies while they were
conducting reconnaissance in the capital and judged that the situation would
worsen if I didn’t act immediately. Thus, I captured them on the spot. That’s
all the information I have. The interrogation didn’t yield any meaningful
results, as they were only tasked with gathering information about the geography
and market conditions of the current capital.”

The spies I had captured held no valuable information. Their orders were limited
to gathering data, without knowledge of how that information would be utilized.
It was a plan based on the premise of cutting ties as soon as possible.

Therefore, there was no doubt that the viscount’s suspicions were unfounded. I
briefly considered whether letting the spirits escape had been a mistake, but
most of them—barring exceptions like Noma—had no interest in human affairs, so
capturing them wouldn’t have yielded any benefits.

“I see,” he said.

Having realized that I was speaking the truth, Viscount Sawaid wore a somewhat
bemused expression. It was only natural, given that his assumptions had been
proven wrong.

After a few seconds of hesitation, the viscount spoke again.

“Was there anything that caught your attention? Even trivial details are
acceptable.”

As someone involved in espionage, his voice was cold and devoid of inflection.
It was likely a result of his refined ability to mask his emotions.

However, that was powerless against me. In the past, his use of [Disguise] or
[Physical Enhancement] had made it difficult to read him, but now, I could
penetrate his emotional scanning unless our levels were closely matched.

The only ones who could deceive me would be someone like Nina, who naturally had
a limited range of emotions, or a monster capable of perfectly controlling their
feelings. The viscount, who did not fall into either category, was essentially
an open book.

Viscount Sawaid harbored strong anger and obsession. According to Shion, he had
served the Holy Royal Family since his grandfather's time. He must have been
quite young when he was unjustly exiled by the Forest Kingdom.

Even as an adult, he may not have fully processed those feelings from back then.

What concerned me was the possibility of him going rogue on his own accord. With
such a strong obsession, it was certainly a possibility, but I could also sense
a loyalty to the Holy Royal Family that was equally intense. It was a difficult
judgment to make.

Ultimately, the most reasonable conclusion was to remain cautious.

I shook my head in response to the viscount's question.

“I don’t have any particular concerns. I won’t be of any help.”

“I see... I apologize for putting you in a difficult position. Please forgive
me.”

“No, considering your position, it was a natural course of action. Please don’t
worry about it.”

Our discussion seemed to have reached its end. With nothing more to say, I
prepared to leave.

However, it appeared he still had something left to discuss.

“Please wait.”

Just before I stood up, the viscount called out to stop me.

I tilted my head in curiosity.

“What is it?”

“There is one piece of advice… no, rather, an apology I must offer.”

“An apology?”

With a string of unsettling terms like “advice” and “apology,” I felt a deep
sense of foreboding.

He spoke earnestly.

“I hesitate to bring this up for the sake of my family’s honor, but there is
currently a succession dispute within the Sawaid household.”

That much was expected. Curtis, the designated heir, was no longer among the
living. Given that he was officially missing, it was imperative to select a new
successor for the viscount family.

“There are two candidates: my two sons. Each is leveraging his strengths to vie
for position. Thus far, that’s fine, but the problem lies in the differing
policies each is proposing.”

“...So, they have differing stances regarding the Foranada situation?”

“Precisely. I have been adhering to His Majesty’s orders and maintaining a
policy of non-interference, but my potential heirs have different ideas. The
second son proposes to ingratiate himself in order to gain a lucrative position,
while the third son advocates for a thorough resistance.”

“Are you serious? Is that really what’s happening within the Sawaid family?”

The lack of thorough surveillance on their part had now become a glaring issue.
I had been so overloaded with intelligence work that I hadn’t been able to keep
an eye on that situation.

Suppressing a headache, I asked, “That would mean you’re disregarding His
Majesty’s orders, wouldn’t it?”

“Regrettably, it seems that my sons’ generation does not feel the same sense of
obligation to the Holy Royal Family as we do. They have not lived through the
incidents in the Forest Kingdom.”

Ah, I see. The generation of his sons—Shion included—was born in the Holy
Kingdom.

Having only heard about the hardships of being exiled from the Forest Kingdom
secondhand, their loyalty was likely weaker than that of their parents.

Well, that’s to be expected. As generations progress, experiences inevitably
transform into history.

However, the real issue lies elsewhere.

“By bringing this up now, may I assume that you are unable to fully control your
potential heirs?”

The statement regarding how to address Foranada was, after all, merely a
reflection of the policies of the next generation. It shouldn’t have been
something to disclose in this setting, especially not as a way to expose family
shame.

Yet, the fact that he chose to share it with me suggests one conclusion: his
heirs were out of control and might attempt to make contact with us without his
consent.

“…”

The viscount remained silent. His silence was tantamount to affirmation.

I found it ridiculous and let out a sigh.

“To be honest, I question your ability as a head of the household.”

Holding a responsible position as the head while being unable to manage those
beneath you is a serious matter. There’s no arguing against being branded unfit
for nobility.

That said, when you think about it, this outcome was inevitable. The Sawaid
family were originally nobles of the Forest Kingdom but were driven out after
losing a political struggle. While their skills as spies were exceptional, their
abilities as nobles were lacking.

“I have no rebuttal.”

The viscount offered no argument. He simply hung his head in defeat.

I let out another sigh and emphasized my point.

“The fact that you disclosed this to me means I can proceed as I see fit,
correct?”

If the head of the household had lost control, it was customary to seek the
opinions of the faction leaders next. In his case, I believed he had sought a
solution from the Holy Royal Family.

I didn’t know what kind of measures had been taken, but it had ultimately ended
in failure. Given that no major fallout had occurred, it seemed he was merely
pretending to comply on the surface while secretly engaging in more insidious
actions.

The viscount nodded slightly.

“Of course. As the head of the Sawaid family, I swear I shall not speak of this
again.”

“Understood. Then I will proceed as I see fit.”

After confirming with my gaze that our conversation had indeed reached its
conclusion, I exited the room.

As I walked through the unnecessarily extravagant hallways of the royal castle,
I couldn’t help but wonder why trouble always seemed to find its way to me.

<br/>

<br/>

I longed for a moment of respite. With that earnest wish in my heart, I began to
devise future strategies.
