---
numbering: padzero
---

# Interludes

## Caron The Aftermath of the Magical Piece Club

The tumultuous month of July has come to an end, and August has arrived.

Last month was truly filled with shock after shock. The arrest of Laurel-san and
the uproar involving the Forest Kingdom came as a bolt from the blue. Even
though there was some connection to it, we—and I—were completely left out of the
loop.

I understand that Onii-sama's actions were out of love, but I felt it necessary
to express my concerns this time. I wish he would rely on us a little more and
not treat us like children.

Knowing Onii-sama, he probably won't reveal everything to us. However, I believe
we can avoid a situation where he shares nothing at all. After all, my esteemed
Onii-sama has that kind of character.

Now, we find ourselves at the center of the story.

Despite the fact that the Magical-Piece Club has been confirmed to continue its
existence, the club president has been arrested for the serious crime of
treason. Under normal circumstances, the club would have been disbanded without
question.

As you might guess from my wording, we managed to avoid a forced disbandment.
This was due to Laurel-san receiving special treatment, which means that the
details of the treason charge cannot be made public. After all, the existence of
a special case allowing the survival of a traitor cannot be known outside.

As long as the crime remains undisclosed, no punishment can be given. Therefore,
our club has remained unaffected. I’m glad that our collective efforts have
borne fruit.

However, a new problem has emerged. Rather than just a problem, I should say I
have personally found myself in a troublesome situation.

Somehow, I have been appointed as the new club president.

While I understood that someone had to take on the role after Laurel-san left
the academy, I never expected it would fall to me. Apparently, it was
Laurel-san's nomination. The reason behind this choice is a mystery.

Onii-sama has advised me, “We’ll support you, so why not give it a try?” For
now, I think I’ll do my best. It’s not that I’m completely opposed to it. I’ve
had some free time since enrolling, after all.

With that in mind, I decided to take action as the new president.

“Today, I would like to introduce our new members.”

In our modest club room, with everyone gathered except for Onii-sama, I opened
my mouth to speak.

Following my lead, the two new members introduced themselves.

“I’m Dan. Dan Biledd Magura. Nice to meet you!”

“I’m Miria Hozateto Kikusu. Nice to meet you!”

The new members are Dan and Miria, friends of mine and Orca’s.

“That said, it’s mostly familiar faces here, right? I think only you over there
are meeting us for the first time. Nice to meet you!”

“Uh, yes. I’m Yurika. Nice to meet you!”

“You’re too stiff! We’re commoners too, so feel free to be casual with us.”

“Exactly. We’re friends with Caron, but we’re pure commoners, so don’t worry.”

“Uh, okay…”

Utilizing their friendly nature, Dan and Miria are already chatting with Yurika,
who seems a bit overwhelmed. But that’s typical, so they’ll likely become
friends in no time.

Suddenly, I noticed Minerva had moved next to me and sighed, speaking with a
hint of melancholy.

“It seems like it’s going to get noisy.”

She wore an expression of some unease. For Minerva, a duke’s daughter, someone
like Dan might be difficult to deal with. It’s as if they would clash like water
and oil.

That said, it seems they both understand this and are maintaining an appropriate
distance. There’s no need for concern.

“Honestly. If there’s such an interesting club, you should have called us
sooner!”

“Right? I’m sure we could have helped in matches against top clubs!”

Dan and Miria suddenly voiced their complaints.

They’re right; had they joined earlier, they would surely have made a mark in
the matches against top clubs. I had intended to train them to reach that level
of skill.

However, there’s a clear problem preventing this from happening.

“Don’t be ridiculous. If you two joined the Magical-Piece Club, you’d neglect
your studies and just play around. If that happened before finals, you’d
definitely fail the class!”

“Ugh.”

At Orca’s remark, Dan and Miria seemed at a loss for words.

It’s true. While both of them possess skills second only to ours, their academic
performance is dismal. Thanks to Orca’s help with their studies, they barely
managed to avoid failing the recent midterm exam. If the academy hadn’t
emphasized practical skills, their standing in Class A would have been in
jeopardy.

Given these circumstances, I had previously put off recruiting Dan and Miria.
After all, it would be problematic for us if their grades suffered.

So, why bring them in now? Surprisingly, it was Orca's suggestion.

“From now on, we’ll set aside time for studying either before or after club
activities. Don’t run away, you two!”

““Whaaaaaat!?””

Dan and Miria screamed in response to Orca’s cheerful announcement.

Well, that’s how it is. Orca seems to have determined that it would be easier to
manage them as part of the same club than to deal with their last-minute pleas
for help.

I feel a bit sorry for them, but it’s really their own doing, so it can’t be
helped. Studying is about building up knowledge over time, after all.

With the addition of new members, the newly reformed Magical Piece Club is ready
to embark on its journey. Thanks to our recent victory against a top club in the
mock battle, we will now have access to better facilities, allowing us to engage
in even more vigorous activities.

I strongly desire to make this club something we can proudly showcase to
Laurel-san, who has given up on her dreams.

<!-- /split -->

## Orca Saint (2)

The timeline is around "Training and Sometimes Pursuit (2)".

By the way, Zex is also aware of this incident.

---

I—Orca, along with Minerva-chan, decided to engage in self-training while Zex
and the others were busy preparing for their match against the top club. This
was more of Minerva-chan’s idea; I was mostly there to accompany her. Also, our
servant Teria is with us. Thank you for your hard work.

Though we called it self-training, the first place we visited was the academy’s
library. Apparently, Minerva-chan wanted to review some literature. I suspect
she’s planning to rework her magic. It seems she’s serious about her training.

I had an inkling about this, but lately, Minerva-chan has been acting somewhat
anxious. Perhaps it’s better described as her being hungry for improvement.
She’s been diligently practicing her magical control and is now digging through
materials to reassess her magic. She’s putting in a tremendous amount of effort.

To be fair, she has always been earnest about magic. However, I feel like her
intensity has increased since she entered the academy. I’m only watching over
her since it doesn’t seem to be going in a bad direction, but I am a little
worried.

…Well, since Zex isn’t doing anything either, maybe I’m just overthinking it.
That guy is observant and will surely take care of us, especially since we’re
his fiancées.

“I want to examine the materials on synthesis magic. Could you help me look for
related books?”

“Got it. You want me to focus on advanced-level ones, right?”

“Yes, please.”

“I’ll help too.”

As soon as we arrived at the library, Minerva-chan made her request. Teria and I
nodded in agreement and headed toward the pile of books.

The academy library is quite large. While it may not rival a national library,
it boasts one of the largest collections among places open to commoners. I
believe it has over 900,000 volumes right now.

Finding all the relevant books from such a vast collection is no easy task.
While a map is provided, making it easy to locate the books, it becomes
unmanageable to carry that many alone. Even with three of us, we would need to
make multiple trips.

My concerns were confirmed, and in the end, we gathered nearly fifty books. Even
then, I had carefully selected them. If I hadn’t learned [Physical Enhancement],
my arms would have been sore by now.

“Thank you for your help. I’ll focus on reading, so you’re free to do as you
like for the rest of the time.”

“Oh, really? Then maybe I’ll read something too.”

Since I had the opportunity, I wanted to immerse myself in a book as well. With
so many available, there must be something that piques my interest.

As I made my way toward the bookshelf with a bit of bounce in my step… wait,
before that,

“Teria, stay with Minerva-chan.”

“Understood.”

I instructed Teria, who seemed uncertain about whom to accompany.

I doubt any trouble will arise, but Minerva-chan is more vulnerable when she’s
focused on her reading.

Alright then. With that settled, I’m off to seek out an interesting book!

“Hmmm. There are just too many to choose from; it’s making it harder to decide…”

Standing in front of the numerous bookshelves, I crossed my arms and groaned.

It had been over an hour since I set out with enthusiasm, yet I still hadn’t
selected a book to read. With so many options, my gaze kept wandering.

I could read them one by one, but I struggled even to decide the order in which
to tackle them. There were only so many books I could get through in one day.

That said, if I continued like this, I wouldn’t end up reading a single book
before time ran out. That would defeat the purpose entirely.

“Hmmm…”

“Oh, it’s you…”

“Hm?”

Just as I was groaning again, I heard a female voice.

This was unexpected. I sensed someone approaching but didn’t think they would
actually speak to me.

I turned to face the source of the voice, revealing a woman with golden hair and
olive-green eyes—the current saintess.

“Um… it’s Seira, right?”

I wracked my brain to recall her name. Though she was my classmate, we hadn’t
interacted much, so it took a moment to jog my memory. I hoped I hadn’t made her
uncomfortable.

“Yes. I am Seira Isente Horight. Though still inexperienced, I have been
appointed as the saintess. You are Orca, correct?”

Seira smiled as she introduced herself. Good, it seemed I hadn’t offended her.

Relieved, I returned the introduction.

“I’m Orca Falgata ga San Foranada. We’re in the same class, but this is our
first time talking like this.”

According to the laws of the Holy Kingdom, saintesses are guaranteed treatment
befitting nobles. I had stumbled over my words due to the surprise, but I needed
to maintain my manners.

However, it seemed this wasn’t what Seira desired. She furrowed her brow
slightly.

“If possible, please speak to me in your usual casual tone. I’m a commoner, so
being treated with such formality by nobles makes me nervous. And since we’re
classmates, I’d prefer if you interacted with me more casually.”

“Understood. If that’s what you wish, Seira.”

I shrugged in response.

After all, I couldn’t ignore her request. This wasn’t a formal social setting,
and such strict etiquette wasn’t necessary here.

“So, do you need something from me?”

“Eh?”

“You called out to me, right?”

Seira’s eyes widened at my question.

Since she had approached me despite our lack of interaction, I assumed she had
some reason for doing so. Was I mistaken?

As I pondered this in my mind, she frantically waved her hands.

“Oh, I’m sorry. It wasn’t that I needed anything. I just happened to see a
familiar face and called out without thinking…”

“Oh, I see.”

Hearing her explanation, I finally understood.

She seemed to be a person similar to me—someone who doesn’t shy away from
others, able to deepen friendships with just about anyone. It might not be a
complete description, but it was enough for me.

“W-Was that a bother?”

“No, not at all. It doesn’t bother me,” I replied immediately to Seira’s anxious
question.

I had no hesitation about deepening friendships with others. In fact, I
appreciated her proactive approach in reaching out.

“I was just trying to choose a book to pass the time. Although, it was becoming
more of a time sink trying to decide which one to read,” I said with a wry
smile, and she returned it with one of her own.

“That’s certainly the case. With so many books here, it’s even more challenging
to decide,” she agreed.

“Exactly. If you have a specific goal, it’s no problem, but when you’re just
trying to pick something at random, it’s tough to make a decision.”

“Yes, before you know it, the sun will have set,” she replied.

“Right? That’s precisely what’s about to happen.”

For some reason, Seira was easy to talk to. Perhaps it was our conversational
rhythm, but I found myself relaxing and chatting with her rather than focusing
on choosing a book.

After enjoying our lighthearted banter for a while, I suddenly heard Minerva’s
voice from behind me.

“So this is where you’ve been.”

I turned around to see Minerva and Teria standing together, both wearing
expressions of exasperation.

I tilted my head in confusion. “Aren’t you supposed to be researching?”

“Yes, I’m finished,” Minerva replied.

“That was quick.”

“What are you talking about? The sun has already set,” she pointed out.

“Wait, what!?”

I hurriedly checked my Magic Communication Device in my pocket, which also had a
clock function.

“W-Wait, you’re right!”

It seemed I had been chatting with Seira for about four hours. I couldn’t hide
my astonishment.

It appeared that Seira and I had a great rapport. I would need to be cautious
next time we had an opportunity to talk again.

“Oh my.”

While I was in shock, Minerva seemed to notice Seira’s presence. Perhaps
intrigued by our unexpected combination, her eyes widened slightly. I understood
how she felt; it was surprising.

However, her moment of surprise was brief, and she quickly took a respectful
posture.

“It seems the saintess is here as well. I am Minerva O’Leini Yu Kali Loralumbar.
Though we are classmates, I suppose it’s more appropriate to say ‘nice to meet
you’ for the first time.”

“Oh, yes, nice to meet you. I’m Seira Isente Horight. Um, please don’t be so
formal; it makes me nervous…”

“Is that so? Then I won’t hold back.”

As expected of a noble daughter, Minerva performed the greeting flawlessly.
Meanwhile, Seira looked flustered.

Minerva, having easily accepted Seira’s request, turned her gaze back to me,
giving me a slightly narrowed look.

“So, what were you two doing? Were you trying to flirt?”

“N-No! It was just a casual conversation!”

“For hours?”

“Uh, when you put it that way…”

“W-Well, I initiated the conversation!”

“So, it was reverse flirting?”

“Eh!?”

Seira, who had tried to defend me, was swiftly taken down by Minerva’s strong
comeback. She was too sharp.

And judging by the way she interacted with Seira, it seemed like they also had
good chemistry. Minerva was sharper with her words than usual.

As we stumbled over our words, Minerva let out a sigh.

“It’s late, so it’s time to go home. The saintess should return to the dorms
too. You have a curfew, don’t you?”

“Oh, right! I-I’m sorry. I’ll head back now,” Seira said, her face pale as she
hurried away. The penalties for breaking curfew must be severe.

After watching her leave, Minerva turned to me with a question.

“Are you interested in the saintess?”

“What do you mean by that?”

I sensed an ominous feeling from her peculiar phrasing, so I shot the question
back at her.

She shrugged.

“I mean in a romantic way.”

Just as I suspected.

I sighed.

“I’m not feeling that way. I enjoy our conversations, and I feel a sense of
comfort being around her, but I think it’s more friendship.”

It was true that I felt comfortable during my time with Seira. It was a strange
feeling, but I couldn’t help but accept it as part of who the saintess was.

Still, there was something slightly lacking.

Maybe it was because I knew a sense of comfort that surpassed what I felt for
her. There was that person… with their broad back and overwhelming sense of
security that could not be matched.

So, I couldn’t quite picture Seira as a romantic partner. I thought she was a
wonderful woman, though.

“I see.”

Minerva responded to my answer with a short reply.

She was putting on a disinterested air, but after living together for a while, I
could tell she was relieved.

No matter what, Minerva always looked out for everyone around her, and that was
something I found endearing.

“Alright, let’s head home!”

“Right.”

Despite the unexpected interactions, we returned home safely to the family
waiting for us, including my brother Zex.

<!-- /split -->

## Louise Hero's Evaluation

In the private chambers of the first princess, Princess Arianorth, located
within the royal castle, the decor maintained a lavishness befitting royalty,
yet exuded a sense of simplicity and fortitude. Alongside her sat a
subordinate—Louise.

Princess Arianorth was seated on a large sofa with her eyes closed, while Louise
prepared tea.

“The tea is ready,” Louise announced.

As she placed the cup filled with black tea before her, Princess Arianorth
opened her eyes.

“Thank you. As always, I feel guilty for having you serve me. It's unbecoming of
a knight.”

“Not at all. If it’s your command, this is a simple task,” Louise replied.

Opportunities for Princess Arianorth to reveal her true self were rare. As part
of her political strategies to protect the kingdom, she constantly maintained a
facade.

Even someone as extraordinary as Princess Arianorth would surely grow weary from
perpetually acting. Therefore, in the privacy of her chambers, I hoped she could
relax, even if just for a moment, when only I was present. There was no way to
allow any servants inside, except for tea service.

“I’m glad to hear that,” she said, seemingly understanding that Louise’s words
came from the heart. She nodded simply without pressing the matter further.

For a while, the princess sipped her tea, lost in thought. The only sound that
filled the room was the soft clinking of the cup.

“Indeed, it can only be considered this way,” she suddenly said.

Her spoken thoughts were a sign that she was summing up her final reflections.
It was also a cue for Louise to offer her agreement, as discussing things in a
dialogue seemed to help her organize her thoughts.

“What seems to be the matter?” Louise asked.

Princess Arianorth set her cup down and turned her gaze toward her.

“Given the circumstances, it seems I have been thrust into the role of the hero
by Foranada’s manipulation.”

“Thrust into the role of a hero, you say?”

Louise couldn’t help but tilt her head in confusion.

Recently, a new student council was established, with Princess Arianorth as its
president. Naturally, personnel changes occurred, during which they sought out
heroes and saintesses. Regardless of their abilities, they held significant
influence as figureheads, so having them on board was beneficial.

As a result, while the saintess declined, a hero and a beastman girl joined the
council as an added bonus. As expected, the administrative capabilities expected
of them were lacking, but they had proven quite useful, which was what we had
anticipated.

Considering the recent developments, it didn’t seem plausible for Foranada to
have intervened, nor did the phrase “thrust upon me” seem appropriate. I was
curious about how she had come to such a conclusion. Of course, I understood
that her wisdom was unmatched, and if she believed it to be true, then it must
be.

Princess Arianorth began to elaborate clearly.

“Let me explain why I deduced that I was influenced by Foranada. As a premise,
our invitation to join was not influenced by anyone else's will.”

“Of course,” Louise affirmed. The invitations were crafted by Princess Arianorth
herself, and she was not someone easily swayed by common manipulations.

“However, the hero differs from us. They likely had no intention of joining the
student council from the start. I’ve received reports that during the initial
recruitment, they weren’t particularly keen.”

“Yes, I’ve heard the same. They said they were too busy with training to join.
Are you suggesting that Foranada manipulated the hero into wanting to join the
student council?”

I had thought it was simply a case of them reconsidering over time, but if
Princess Arianorth was correct, it was indeed a shocking fact. After all, I had
experienced their stubbornness far too often in this short time. They were not
the type to change their minds with a few clever words.

“While I have no definitive proof, and I find it hard to believe, I am nearly
certain that it is the case. I cannot imagine those two muscle-bound heroes
deciding to join the student council without some coaxing.”

“That certainly does seem plausible,” Louise acknowledged.

Louise had no choice but to nod at Princess Arianorth’s words.

The hero and the beastman girl—was her name Rina?—were both advocates of brute
force. Whenever faced with a problem, they immediately considered violent
resolution as their first option. It was almost as if their brains were packed
with muscle. Although Louise couldn't criticize others, the hero’s case was
particularly extreme.

“Next, regarding the phrase ‘thrust upon me’... Let me ask, how do you evaluate
the heroes?” Princess Arianorth inquired.

“They fall short in administrative skills. While they presumably possess
adequate academic abilities, they don’t seem to be utilizing them effectively.
As for their combat prowess, it’s somewhat decent. Both have promising magical
talent, but they are still in their developmental stages. Their swordsmanship is
also mediocre. Considering all this, I would assess them as ‘capable but not
exceptional, and clumsy in applying their abilities.’”

As soldiers, they were competent enough. They could carry out commands with
diligence. However, they were not suited for leadership positions; they would be
limited to the role of a squad leader at best.

After hearing Louise’s opinion, Princess Arianorth nodded thoughtfully. “I see.
That perspective is very much in line with what I would expect from you, Louise.
You are correct. Neither the hero nor the beastman girl have the qualities to
lead. However, in terms of their latent potential, I believe both of them will
surpass the previous Sword Saint. If that happens, their title as heroes will
compel them to take on leadership roles, whether they are suited for it or not.”

“That is...”

Louise couldn’t deny it. Despite their lack of adaptability, if they improved
their base skills, they would inevitably grow stronger. Considering their high
potential, Princess Arianorth’s assessment was indeed realistic.

Furthermore, she continued, “The heroes possess a unique worldview. If left
unchecked, I fear it could lead to the collapse of the Holy Kingdom.”

“I acknowledge that their thoughts can be dangerous, but is it really to the
point of national collapse?”

“Let me clarify that this is merely my intuition. And don’t forget the caveat
regarding leaving things as they are.”

She subtly hinted that Louise should refrain from any drastic measures.

While the hero was protected by law, Rina was not bound by any constraints.
Still, if Princess Arianorth deemed it necessary to exercise caution, Louise
would comply.

That being said...

“Is that why you feel they were ‘thrust upon you’?”

Finally, everything clicked into place.

The heroes were undoubtedly a type of person who could be described as
‘difficult to handle.’ They possessed immense talent yet lacked a solid
foundation, making them exceptional fools. Yet, because their unpredictability
posed risks, it was necessary to keep an eye on them.

In the future, if they grew emotionally, their management might change, but
until then, Louise would have to care for them. If Foranada had indeed
influenced this situation, it was quite the convenient way to unload a
troublesome responsibility.

At that moment, Princess Arianorth let out a rare sigh.

“Perhaps they concluded that I would be able to control them. Their assumption
is correct. Those types are relatively easy for me to manage. Given their
abilities, they can contribute to the nation’s interests, so I can’t simply
dismiss them. However—”

Princess Arianorth paused, a smile spreading across her face. It was a chilling,
icy smile that sent shivers down one’s spine—a look she wore when she found
something genuinely entertaining.

“This ‘thrusting upon me’ could not have occurred without an understanding of my
abilities and character. Most likely, this plan was devised by Zex. ...Oh, how
intriguing. While playing chess against him, I didn’t sense an intellect capable
of outsmarting me.”

Louise found herself equally curious about that.

During the recent chess game, it had seemed that Foranada had been in Princess
Arianorth’s palm from the very beginning. There hadn’t been any signs of him
putting on an act. In terms of intellect, Princess Arianorth had undoubtedly
triumphed.

Yet, in reality, Foranada often seemed to take the lead. Louise had considered
the difference might be due to the disparity in their operational forces, but
that alone did not explain the gap.

“Zex is truly a fascinating individual,” Princess Arianorth said, laughing
softly.

What emotions lay behind that smile? Even Louise couldn’t fathom the depths of
it.

<!-- /split -->

## Akatsuki No Limit

“Uoooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!”

“Haahhhhhh!!!!”

The two roars echoed through the air.

One was me—Akatsuki, the apostle of the gods. I charged my fist with all the
magic power I could muster and unleashed a powerful straight punch.

The other was my disciple, Zex. He synchronized his movements and threw a punch
of his own.

When our attacks collided, the air exploded, sending a shockwave radiating
outwards. The magic power contained in our fists unleashed a devastating force
that split the ground, the sky, and the very fabric of space around us.

Tch, is the [Alternate World] not going to hold up any longer? This was
initiated by Zex, but it just didn’t seem sturdy enough to withstand our full
power.

As I slightly eased my strength, a shocking turn of events awaited me.

“What!?”

In contrast to my limited power, Zex cranked up his output. I was left stunned.

Hey, hey, hey! If you increase your output beyond this point, it’ll not only
break the [Alternate World] but also have a significant impact on the real
world! Are you serious?

I questioned Zex's sanity, but he didn’t let up. His eyes were filled with
determination as he stared at me. It seemed he intended to push through like
this.

But wait, something felt off. While I was mulling this over, I could feel the
pressure of his power increasing to the point where I might be blown away, yet
there wasn’t any noticeable damage to the world around us. The space was tearing
slightly, but it wasn’t collapsing.

As I contemplated this, it suddenly dawned on me. Could it be that he—

“Oh no!”

But just as I reached that conclusion, I was sent flying far away by Zex’s
attack.

The night sky, filled with countless stars, faintly illuminated the dark
grassland where I lay sprawled out.

“Hahhh…”

Normally, one would feel rejuvenated by the beauty of nature, but at this
moment, that was impossible. I had just lost a mock battle.

Lately, I had been on a losing streak. While Zex’s tactics had certainly become
more sophisticated, today I finally realized the fundamental difference between
us.

I turned to Zex, who was sitting beside me, and asked, “Are you somehow keeping
your attacks from affecting the outside world even when you’re at full power?”

The conclusion of today’s match wouldn’t make sense otherwise. The idea that "no
matter how much power you unleash, it only impacts the target" seemed utterly
foolish. But then again, for beings like us, breaking the rules often becomes
the norm.

Zex replied nonchalantly, “Of course.”

“Seriously?”

I was shocked not just by his ability to prevent collateral damage but also by
his nonchalant attitude about it. Was his brain a few screws loose?

Seeing my astonished expression, he shrugged. “From the start, I planned to
adjust it this way. In manga… or stories, there are plenty of scenarios where
power inflation makes it impossible to go all out. Originally, I’ve been
training to protect Caron, so causing damage to the surroundings would be
counterproductive.”

“I get that, but…”

Even so, I still thought it was insane to achieve that. It was like trying to
recover stamina while sprinting at full speed. It was a paradoxical task to
accomplish at the same time.

I had felt this way before, but Zex’s concept of strength was pretty warped. To
him, “strong” probably equated to “making the impossible possible.” Even a
divine apostle has strengths and weaknesses.

With a mix of exasperation and curiosity, I decided to ask him another question.

“So that magic power concealment is also necessary for protecting your sister,
huh?”

“You caught on, huh?”

“It’s hard not to notice. How do you manage to hide the fact that you have more
magic power than me? I can’t feel any of it…”

Right after the mock battle, I had noticed that I couldn’t sense Zex’s magic
power at all. Initially, I thought I was just too disoriented from losing so
much, but it turned out to be something he’d set up.

Even after expending magic during battle, hiding enough power to make it seem
like he had none at all was nothing short of monstrous.

While I was grappling with a complex mix of admiration and disbelief, Zex spoke
on, seemingly unfazed.

“Recently, some enemies have started using teleportation and mind-manipulation
techniques that I thought were exclusive to me. So, I anticipated that some
might learn magic detection and started practicing magic concealment. If I can
fool not just the Spirit King but also Akatsuki, that would be perfect.”

“Ah, you really don’t need to worry. I mean… well…”

Is this really just ambition I’m witnessing in Zex? Sure, I develop magic too,
but his direction feels utterly off the rails. I mean, most people would be
satisfied just being able to defeat a divine apostle, right? He’s already the
strongest in the world; there’s no need to get any stronger than that.

Zex’s potential seemed limitless. Thanks to that, my own authority as a teacher
was practically non-existent. …Huh? Wasn’t it always non-existent? Ha, not
funny.

Well, at least it looked like I wouldn’t have to worry about a worst-case
scenario. I hoped he would continue to grow cautiously at this rate.

Still, I was tired of always losing, so maybe it was time for me to train again.
Next time, I’ll win!

<!-- /split -->

## Noma Partner

I—Noma—was feeling anxious. It wasn’t anything particularly serious, just a
common worry about my position.

The reason for my concern stemmed from the recent provocation against the Forest
Kingdom—it was quite extreme, to say the least.

Due to that incident, my master had triumphed over the Spirit King. While that
was nothing surprising and certainly something to celebrate, it also brought
about unnecessary complications.

What happened was that spirits, impressed by my master’s strength, had started
to trickle into the Holy Kingdom. At the time, my master was in disguise, so for
now, they didn’t seem to have pinpointed Foranada, but it was only a matter of
time. It wouldn’t be difficult to discover that the adventurer named Sis was
based in Foranada.

So why was I anxious about other spirits visiting? I worried that I might lose
my position.

To be honest, I wasn’t that strong. I possessed only average abilities for a
spirit. While I took pride in being a talented chef and having an edge in
production-type magic, there were certainly others who were stronger. Thus, the
possibility of a newcomer taking my position was quite high.

Initially, I had been assigned work that was terrifyingly difficult under a
scary boss, and I had thought about running away. But now it was different. That
overwhelming busyness lasted only for a year, and afterward, I had more time to
indulge in my hobbies. I had the environment to learn high-level cooking.
Training Caroline and the others wasn’t too bad either. Developing various
magical tools with my master was enjoyable enough to be considered a new hobby.

In short, I was very fond of my current life. I strongly wished to hold onto it.
That’s why I was troubled, thinking I needed to do something about it.

“What’s wrong, Noma?”

“Eh?”

Suddenly, my master called out to me, bringing me back to reality.

We were in the workshop used for developing magical tools. It was a rather
cluttered room, scattered with materials from the magical beasts my master had
collected and the ores I had created.

I was sitting in the center while my master was looking at me with a puzzled
expression.

Ah, that’s right. I had been invited by my master to develop a new magical tool.
I believe we were supposed to come up with new rules related to the magical
steed, Magipiece.

What was I doing, letting my thoughts wander while my master was right in front
of me? I must have let my guard down a bit.

I lightly shook my head and responded to my master.

“It’s nothing. I was just lost in thought for a moment.”

“Is that so? If something's bothering you, feel free to tell me. I’m here to
listen.”

“There’s no need to worry so much.”

My master offered me a generous suggestion, but I shook my head to decline.

I realized this after forming a contract with my master, but he really cares
deeply for his subordinates. Perhaps he doesn’t even see us as subordinates at
all. Judging by how he treats us, he probably thinks of us as at least his
colleagues.

Personally, I found this favorable. I felt that it was precisely because of this
kind of master that everyone wanted to stay close. However, I was also
concerned. From what I had heard, nobles tended to be the complete opposite of
my master’s character. I worried whether his heart would remain unbroken,
exposed to such a position.

Well, right now, it wasn’t a situation where I could worry about others. I was
doing my best just to look after myself. Demonstrating my usefulness was the
priority, but all I could really boast about was my ability to cook with magic.
That wouldn’t be of much use to anyone.

As I clanged around with my work, I allowed my thoughts to wander. Since I was
in a part of the process that could flow without issue, I had the mental space
to think.

However, no matter how much I thought, I couldn’t find an answer. In the end, it
only exposed my own shortcomings.

After a while of internally groaning, my master suddenly spoke up.

“Noma, there’s no need to overthink things.”

“…What do you mean?”

His words were so timely that I stumbled momentarily over my response.

Could he have read my thoughts? No, even my master, who wielded mental magic,
shouldn’t be able to see into the heart of a spirit. First and foremost, he
wasn’t the type to peek into his allies’ innermost thoughts without permission.

I probably had a rather amusing expression on my face. In response, my master
let out a wry smile.

“There’s no need to be so dazed. Recently, everyone has been worried about you
not being yourself. If you have even a little time to think, it’s easy to guess
what you’re going through.”

“Does this mean that I was called here because…?”

“As you might have guessed, it’s to discuss things with you.”

It seemed I had been in the palm of my master’s hand from the very beginning.

I see. So I had worried others as well. Indeed, ever since the incident with the
Forest Kingdom, I had been troubled continuously. There had likely been many
moments when I had been absent-minded.

I let out a small sigh.

“Isn’t this a bit roundabout, my master?”

I thought it would have been fine for him to cut to the chase a bit more. I felt
embarrassed for having kept quiet while he was being considerate.

Then my master replied with an apologetic tone.

“I’m sorry. I was a bit embarrassed myself.”

“Embarrassed?”

What could he possibly find embarrassing about listening to my troubles? There
shouldn't be an ounce of that in him.

Tilting my head in confusion, my master took a deep breath.

“There have been reports of multiple spirits appearing in the Holy Kingdom. It’s
easy to predict that their goal is to serve me. I’ll be selective, but it’s
likely I’ll end up welcoming them.”

“I figured as much.”

The power of spirits is immense for humans. There’s no reason to reject those
who want to join us. It seems my day of being sidelined is drawing near.

Just as I was sinking into despair, my master continued with a “but.” His words
weren’t finished yet.

“It doesn’t change the fact that you’re my partner, Noma. No matter how many
spirits come, you’re the one I want to work with.”

“Ah…”

What my master said next was meant to alleviate my anxiety.

And it was clear from the sincerity in his earnest gaze that it wasn't just
empty words. His translucent, pale purple eyes were filled with strong trust in
me.

To say something like that at this moment was downright unfair. It inevitably
resonated deep within my heart.

As I was left momentarily speechless, my master awkwardly scratched his cheek.

“Uh, well, I guess calling you my partner sounds a bit cheesy? But that’s the
phrase that fits best for me.”

“Fufufu, hahahaha.”

In response, I burst into laughter.

After whispering sweet words to Caroline and the others, I couldn’t quite
understand why he felt shy about calling me his “partner.”

Thanks to his unexpected demeanor, I was able to calm down from the overwhelming
emotions that had built up. Though now I found myself in a situation where I
couldn’t help but laugh, I considered it far better than the former.

Still chuckling, I spoke up.

“I’m not that strong, you know. Are you sure it’s alright for me to be your
partner?”

“It’s perfectly fine. To begin with, I’m not choosing based on strength.”

That’s true. When I thought about it, my master was more than strong enough on
his own. He had never sought strength from a spirit in the first place.

I had been completely one-sided in my thinking. I should have paid more
attention to my surroundings. Perhaps I had become so fond of my current life
that I couldn't see beyond it.

I spoke again.

“Thank you for your continued support, my master.”

“The pleasure is mine, Noma.”

We laughed together.

I didn’t know how long this enjoyable time would last, but I wanted to do my
best to protect this life. I sincerely wished for that.

<!-- /split -->

## Nina Engagement Celebration Party

On a certain day just before summer vacation, I—Nina—was walking through the
streets of Forlanada while bathing in the warm night breeze. Of course, I wasn’t
alone; my beloved Zex was walking right beside me.

His pale purple eyes, gazing forward, held a piercing sharpness that captivated
me so much I could stare at him forever. His slightly curved lips were
beautiful, exuding an alluring charm that drew me in. Just by walking, he
embodied the elegance of a strong person, and it made him incredibly wonderful.

As I admired him like this, I truly felt that I had fallen in love. Just walking
toward our destination together made me feel so happy—so different from the
desperate state I had been in just two months ago.

“Is something wrong?”

Oh no, I must have been staring too long. He seemed suspicious of me. I had to
be more careful.

“It’s nothing.”

I replied nonchalantly and quickened my pace to walk slightly ahead of Zex.
Then, to pull myself together, I pinched both of my cheeks. Okay, that should do
it.

With that, we continued walking through the night streets until we finally
arrived at our destination. Indeed, it was the Adventurers' Guild.

The reason we came to the guild after sunset was that the adventurers were
throwing a party for us. They were going to celebrate our engagement.

In a casual conversation, word had spread, and before I knew it, the party was
planned. Honestly, the enthusiasm of the adventurers—especially the members of
the “Crimson Rose”—was truly remarkable.

“Shall we go in?”

Zex said, extending his hand to me in an inviting manner.

His thoughtful gestures like this were so charming. He was so skilled and had a
way with women. Truly, a ladies' man. I had completely fallen into his trap, so
I couldn’t really criticize him for it.

I nodded and took his hand. It was big, firm, warm—a wonderfully reassuring
hand. Even such a simple act of holding hands made my heart race. I was probably
blushing too. How embarrassing.

“Oh, the guests of honor have arrived!”

“Look at them holding hands, showing off!”

“They’re so lovey-dovey! Hoo hoo!”

“Grr, our idol!”

“How long are you going to keep sulking? I get how you feel, but come on.”

As we entered the guild, the adventurers acknowledged us and began to chatter
excitedly. As always, it was a noisy place. I understood that this was part of
its charm.

The atmosphere inside the guild felt different from usual. The place was
decorated for the party, and there were more tables set up for a buffet-style
gathering. Naturally, there was an abundance of food and drinks.

It was clear that a lot of effort had gone into the preparations. To go to such
lengths for us… I realized that I was more loved by everyone than I had thought.
It was a world apart from my days as a noble. I could feel my eyes getting a bit
teary.

Then, Zex gently patted my head. His affectionate gesture surprisingly brought
me a sense of calm.

“Come on, let’s go.”

“Okay.”

Since it was a party, there was no time for tears. I was determined to enjoy
myself to the fullest.

With the adventurers hosting the party, it was an absolute blast. Laughter
echoed everywhere, and although there were occasional scuffles, overall, I would
say it was a success. Well, it did feel like the guest of honor was somewhat
sidelined, but that casualness is just part of being an adventurer.

While I watched Zex, who had been whisked away by many female adventurers and
was now surrounded by them, I sipped my fruit juice.

Then, one person plopped down next to me with a thud.

“Ooh, are you feeling jealous?”

The person who joined me with a somewhat mischievous smile was Rhiote, a mage
from the "Crimson Rose" who took care of support in our group. As her current
statement suggested, she had a straightforward personality. However, that was
part of her charm, and many people found solace in her, myself included.

Given her nature, I figured she was here to tease me, but unfortunately for her,
her expectations wouldn’t be met.

I shrugged.

“That’s not it.”

It was a matter beyond jealousy. At first glance, it might seem that Zex was
being pursued by numerous women, but the reality was quite different. Rather
than being popular, he was being cornered.

After going to the royal capital, I realized that I seemed to attract quite a
bit of attention myself. It appeared I had a charm that drew people in,
regardless of gender. I didn’t feel it too strongly myself, but I had been
approached often enough to understand that much.

So, why hadn’t the same situation occurred in Forlanada?

The reason was quite simple. The women surrounding Zex were secretly claiming to
be my bodyguards, eliminating any unscrupulous characters who tried to approach
me. They were so skilled at not letting their presence be noticed that I thought
they could rival spies. I wanted to recommend they change careers.

At this point, it should be clear. Zex was bearing the brunt of their jealousy.
From their perspective, he had somehow taken me away from them. Even now, Zex
wore a dry smile as he dealt with them. Good luck.

“Aren’t you going to help him?”

In response to Rhiote’s question, I simply replied.

“It’s not necessary. Zex is strong.”

“If you say so, then it must be true. People are often not what they seem.”

That was one of Rhiote’s good traits. If it was the word of someone she trusted,
she would instantly accept it, no matter how unconventional it might be. That’s
why everyone admired her.

After a brief pause, Rhiote asked again.

“I thought you and Sis would end up together. So I was surprised to see you in
such a close relationship with the lord. What was the deciding factor? Does age
really matter?”

“Uh…”

Currently, Sis’s true identity remained a secret. So I had somewhat expected
this question to come up. After all, it’s a common trope for a life-saving
benefactor to develop a romantic relationship.

In reality, that very trope was playing out, but I felt guilty for not being
able to speak openly about it.

For now, I went with the line I had decided on beforehand.

“It’s a secret.”

“No way, that’s not fair!”

Rhiote persisted with her inquiries, but I managed to keep the secret intact.
That was close. I really hoped she wouldn’t take such trivial matters too
seriously.

After sitting back down and taking a sip of my drink, Rhiote once again asked a
question.

“You’ll answer this one, right? How far have you two gone?”

“…”

I was curious why she thought I would answer.

With a sigh, I replied.

“Nothing. We’re still just engaged.”

I certainly wanted to take things further, but Zex had his own missions to
fulfill. I wanted to avoid being a distraction to him at all costs. Besides, we
sometimes went on dates together, so I was perfectly satisfied with that for
now.

Upon hearing my response, Rhiote tilted her head.

“Engaged…? Isn’t ‘engaged’ one term too many?”

“If being engaged means promising to marry, then I’m the one who has made a
reservation for engagement. So, I’m the ‘engaged person.’”

As I relayed the explanation I had previously shared with Zex, Rhiote blinked in
surprise. Then, she let out an incredulous sound.

“Wait, you two aren’t officially engaged yet!?”

“Yeah. But we’re getting married after graduation.”

“Uh, um… doesn’t that still count as being engaged?”

“I’ve made a reservation for engagement.”

“Uh, huh?”

I had explained it logically, yet for some reason, Rhiote wore a puzzled
expression. I wondered what was bothering her.

After a moment of pondering with her arms crossed, she shifted her mood with a
casual, “Well, whatever!”

“Anyway, I get that there hasn’t been enough development to tease you about it.
But still, there’s got to be something going on. You’re going on dates, right?”

“At least that much.”

While many of our outings weren’t officially labeled as dates, Zex made time to
be with me despite his busy schedule. I felt a bit guilty about taking up his
time, but I was genuinely happy to feel cherished.

Besides, he was always considerate of me. Whether it was shopping, dining,
having tea, or adventuring together, I could go on and on about all the
wonderful things he did.

Since Rhiote was interested, I decided to share some of Zex’s amazing qualities.
To be honest, I hadn’t had the chance to talk about him much, as I usually only
interacted with people who already liked him.

So, I grabbed Rhiote’s arms to keep her from escaping and began to share stories
about my beloved. She struggled a bit, trying to leave, but I wasn’t about to
let her go!

In the end, the party wrapped up before I could share everything, and I only
managed to get about sixty percent of my thoughts out, which was a bit
disappointing.

But overall, I was satisfied. I might not have talked this much in a long time.
It turned out to be unexpectedly fun, so I thought I’d share my experiences with
someone else next time the opportunity arose.
