# Short Story: Atonement, Remorse, and Love

A few days had passed since the witch hunt in the Forest Kingdom. There hadn’t
been any public uproar, but things were quite busy among the upper ranks of the
nation.

There were three main points of interest for me.

First, the king of the Forest Kingdom had been replaced. The details were kept
under wraps, but apparently, the former king was unable to carry out his duties
due to a mental breakdown.

Next, the border between the Forest Kingdom and the Empire had become tense.
News of the capital’s partial destruction had leaked out.

When I’d launched my assault, I’d put up a barrier, but after my retreat, I left
things as they were. With no one knowing the cause, word must have spread about
the city being half in ruins. The Empire wouldn’t pass up the chance to take
advantage while the nation’s central command was paralyzed.

However, aside from the capital, there was no damage to the rest of the Forest
Kingdom. They still maintained forces along the border, so the situation
remained in a stalemate. I doubt it’ll escalate further.

In the end, Foranada remains unaffected. In fact, with the Forest Kingdom now
busy stabilizing internally and responding to the Empire, they won’t have time
to meddle with us. The situation has actually improved. It was worth taking
steps to avoid excessive fallout.

Finally, there’s the domestic matter—punishment was decided for the Sawaid
family, whose case had been on hold.

The penalty includes execution for all family members within two degrees of
relation to the head, except for Shion, and confiscation of their assets.

Their charges are unjustified use of force against other families and treason…

The first charge is one thing, but the treason charge stems from the reason why
the next head candidates suddenly tried to invade Foranada.

An investigation revealed that they had been incited into this reckless behavior
by spies from the Forest Kingdom. To think that they were manipulated by agents
of another nation—it’s beyond disgraceful.

Normally, the entire family would be executed. But doing so would weaken the
Holy Royal Family’s shadow network, causing unnecessary hardship for the next
Wiemlay. To avoid that, Wiemlay and I worked behind the scenes to limit the
punishment. On the bright side, this allowed me to gain some favor with the
branch family members who will take over the Sawaid family.

After spending a few chaotic days dealing with these matters, I headed to a
specialized hospital in the royal capital.

I wasn’t here for anything concerning myself. I was visiting a certain person to
check on their condition and update them on recent events.

I proceeded through the peculiar building, a blend of cleanliness and solemnity,
and arrived at the room at the far end. Two female knights stood guard outside
the door, and upon recognizing me, they saluted.

Returning the gesture with a slight nod, I asked, “May I enter?”

“Yes. We have been briefed by His Highness, the First Prince. Please, go on in.”

One of the knights opened the door with a formal demeanor, and I stepped inside
without hesitation. The door shut firmly behind me a few seconds after I’d
entered, and it wouldn’t open again until I gave the word.

Now, it’s just the two of us.

I scanned the room. It looked almost identical to how it had been when I’d come
here a few days earlier for her treatment. The plain white interior was
unremarkable, save for the large bed in the center.

But one thing had changed since my last visit. The patient who had previously
been sleeping was now sitting up in bed. She… had regained consciousness, which
is why I’d made a point to come.

“How are you feeling, Laurel…?”

Yes, the patient isolated in this hospital room is Laurel. After falling into a
deep sleep from the backlash of the curse, she was rushed here for emergency
care.

Seeing me, she blinked in confusion, her expression blank.

“Zex... why am I...?”

She couldn’t finish her sentence. Having only just woken up, she was probably
still piecing things together.

But I knew what she wanted to ask. It could only be: why had she woken up?

I’d told her before that [Harmony] couldn’t cure the aftereffects of a curse.
That was true, but there were two important details I left out.

First: while Harmony couldn’t treat it, the aftereffects of a curse could be
healed with other types of magic. It’d take time and effort, but I could’ve done
it myself.

Second: with light magic, all effects of the curse could be dispelled in an
instant.

In other words, the idea of Laurel falling into eternal slumber was never real.
The reason I didn’t heal her immediately was because I had to prioritize the
Forest Kingdom affair.

But, oh, those feelings I had back then were real. I didn’t want her to end
things that way, and I was furious with the Forest Kingdom for pushing her to
such despair. There was no falsity in that.

So, the one who actually healed Laurel this time was—

“Caron took care of it. Light magic is the perfect remedy for curses.”

“C... Caroline-san did…?”

Truthfully, I’d wanted to handle her treatment myself, but after what happened
with Marina, it wasn’t feasible.

My method for treatment would take considerable time to eliminate all side
effects. If, during that time, Laurel began absorbing my mana, her mana density
would have increased too much.

For someone like her, who struggled with magic to begin with, the burden of high
mana density would be far too great. Plus, given her status as a criminal who
defected to an enemy nation, equipping her with high-density mana was something
to avoid.

So, my hands were tied when it came to treating her.

Honestly, it’s exasperating. The whole point of this operation was to handle it
without alerting Caron and the others, but Laurel’s involvement threw that plan
out the window. In the end, I had to explain everything to them.

Laurel still looked dazed, but I didn’t have the luxury to wait for her to
process it all.

She seemed to be listening at least, so I went on.

“Laurel Laurus Loria. You’re under suspicion of high treason. More accurately,
it’s almost certain. If proceedings go as expected, you’ll likely be sentenced
to death.”

“…”

She didn’t respond.

But her expression spoke volumes. She furrowed her brows sadly, but her eyes
held a look of quiet resolve. She’d already prepared herself for death when she
accepted the curse’s backlash.

Suppressing a sigh, I continued, “However…”

“At the suggestion of His Highness, First Prince Wiemlay, if you agree to
undertake a certain mission, your death sentence will be revoked.”

“...What!?”

Laurel leaned forward in astonishment, clearly caught off guard by this turn of
events.

Of course, it was no ordinary situation—being charged with high treason yet
given a chance to avoid death.

“What… what kind of job would that be?” she asked, her voice trembling.

It seemed she knew that, given the Holy Royal Family’s proposal, there was only
one choice here. She looked at me, half-expecting an impossible demand.

There was no need for that much fear, though… calling it a difficult task
wouldn’t be inaccurate.

“You’ll dedicate yourself entirely to the study of curses at a government
research facility.”

“Study… curses?”

Laurel’s mouth dropped open in surprise.

It was clearly an area she hadn’t anticipated. Until a few days ago, neither had
I.

Apparently, Laurel has the potential of a witch.

This came to light when Caron treated her. According to Caron, Laurel’s body has
an exceptionally high affinity with curses. It was thanks to this affinity that
she’d been able to withstand the backlash of the curse until our conversation
was over.

Of course, just having a high affinity wouldn’t have been enough to save her
life, but in this case, multiple people petitioned for her. Caron and the others
had vouched, saying, “If given a chance, Laurel will prove her loyalty to the
kingdom.”

The ‘Saint of Sunlight,’ the eldest daughter of the Loramber Duke family, an
adventurer with the Rank-A title—their voices carried enough influence not to be
ignored.

And after a flurry of conflicting motives, someone finally decreed, “As long as
Count Foranada oversees her, it shouldn’t be an issue,” and that decided her
sentence.

Quite the burden to bear. Though honestly, I also believed she deserved a chance
at redemption, and I wanted to honor Caron’s wish. Still, I had more than a few
choice words for the nobles shirking responsibility.

“In any case, you’ll be under constant surveillance, with restrictions on your
magic use. For now, you’ve escaped death. However, if you fail to produce any
results within a certain timeframe, the offer may be revoked.”

I finished explaining, including some of the more delicate details.

“I see…”

That was all Laurel said in response.

At some point, she’d lowered her gaze and was gripping the bed sheets tightly.
Perhaps it was best not to press further.

I stood up quickly and said, “Ah, one last message from Caron: ‘Let’s play
Magical Piece again sometime.’”

With that, I turned and left her room.

On my way out, I thought I heard the sound of someone crying behind me, but it
was probably just my imagination.

As a side note, when I returned home, I was scolded by Caron and the others.
They said, “We want you to rely on us more; we’re not children anymore.” It
seemed that by keeping them completely in the dark until the last moment, I had
caused them quite a bit of worry.

They were right; perhaps I had been overly protective this time. If I had shared
even a little information, I might have been able to prevent Laurel’s reckless
actions.

As they pointed out, they have grown as well. I realized that I need to believe
in their strength more than anyone else.

I had always valued the bonds with those around me because I thought that one
person alone couldn’t overturn the “fate of death.” Yet here I am, failing to
uphold that principle. I need to reflect on this properly.

I am far from perfect.

However, I genuinely feel grateful to have people around me who care enough to
get upset.
